Synsets with frequency > 10 
Number of lemmapos: 1202

-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('long.a.01.long')
Frequency of Synset('long.a.01'): 102  (primarily temporal sense; being or indicating a relatively great or greater than average duration or passage of time or a duration as specified)
	 1.Example sentence: How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long sought waterway . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 

Frequency of Synset('long.a.02'): 90  (primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified)
	 1.Example sentence: Vending machines can alleviate the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time . 
	 2.Example sentence: All through July the Discovery picked her way along the 450 - mile long strait , avoiding ice and rocky islands . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as `` Nameless and Immortal '' , which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language . 
	 4.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('be.v.01.be')
Frequency of Synset('be.v.01'): 9825  (have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun))
	 1.Example sentence: How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.02'): 2858  (be identical to; be someone or something)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 3.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.03'): 766  (occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: In what section of the country are you located ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you in a rural or urban area ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mr. Hohlbein was out for the day , but Mr. Garth would be free at one-thirty . 

Frequency of Synset('exist.v.01'): 788  (have an existence, be extant)
	 1.Example sentence: Are there other , cheaper communications techniques that could be substituted ? 
	 2.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are two sides of a coin for this decision . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job . 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.05'): 662  (happen, occur, take place)
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Ahead were perilous , ice filled waters . 
	 3.Example sentence: On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . 
	 4.Example sentence: To starboard was a cape a thousand feet high , patched with ice and snow , populated by thousands of screaming sea birds . 

Frequency of Synset('equal.v.01'): 281  (be identical or equivalent to)
	 1.Example sentence: Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' - He stopped and looked at Thor 's body . 
	 2.Example sentence: The estimated standard deviations of the data for two of the resistors were 1 millidegree ; and for the third resistor , 3.3 millidegrees . 
	 3.Example sentence: The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 * * f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the | l point . 
	 4.Example sentence: The result has been neglect , fumbling efforts , or superficial treatment . 

Frequency of Synset('constitute.v.01'): 215  (form or compose)
	 1.Example sentence: It was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did Byron 's Childe Harold . 
	 2.Example sentence: To get it out into the daylight 's glow Is my life 's aim both first and last , the whole . 
	 3.Example sentence: That little spark is all the wealth I know , That little spark is my life 's misery '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: That little spark is all the wealth I know , That little spark is my life 's misery '' . 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.08'): 82  (work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function)
	 1.Example sentence: Practically all the people of Laos , he explained - about two million of them - are rice farmers , and the means and motives of modern war are as strange to them as clocks and steel plows . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Keo , once a diplomat in Paris and Washington , was Commissioner of Rural Affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: You might say we are in the nation building business '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 

Frequency of Synset('embody.v.02'): 63  (represent, as of a character on stage)
	 1.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Katya Roslev , who would be Katharine Ross so very soon now , rang up her first sale of the day and counted back the change . 
	 3.Example sentence: She did n't mind working hard , not as if she figured to do anything wrong to live easy and soft - all she wanted was a chance , where she was n't marked as what she was . 
	 4.Example sentence: To be Katharine Ross , and work in a nicer shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes , and learn ladies ' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with foreign sounding names , the ones went to the same church and - Different place , different job , different people , she 'd be all different too . 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.11'): 15  (have life, be alive)
	 1.Example sentence: For fifty-five years he had lived , progressing towards a no-goal , eating , working , breathing without plan , without reason . 
	 2.Example sentence: He had lived all his life waiting for her . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the American `` hardboiled '' detective story of the ' 20 s and ' 30 s , the spirit of the mad genius from Baker Street lives on . 
	 4.Example sentence: Had More 's writings been wholly limited to such exercises , they would be almost as dimly remembered as those of a dozen or so other authors living in his time , whose works tenuously survive in the minds of the few hundred scholars who each decade in pursuit of their very specialized occasions read those works . 

Frequency of Synset('cost.v.01'): 35  (be priced at)
	 1.Example sentence: The blue-collar worker thus knows his insurance package , for example , costs $ 227.72 . 
	 2.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Must have cost plenty . 
	 4.Example sentence: You can n't tell a customer how much it 's going to cost him to refinance his payments before he even signs for a loan on the money down ! 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('benefit.n.01.benefit')
Frequency of Synset('benefit.n.01'): 16  (financial assistance in time of need)
	 1.Example sentence: How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? 
	 3.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 4.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 

Frequency of Synset('benefit.n.02'): 15  (something that aids or promotes well-being)
	 1.Example sentence: Encourage them to exercise their benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus , besides the training provided to youth in school , the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts . 
	 3.Example sentence: Will your trade customers settle for less attention and fewer frills in return for some benefit they can share ? 
	 4.Example sentence: In short , the fictional private eye is a specialized version of Adam Smith 's ideal entrepreneur , the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('program.n.02.program')
Frequency of Synset('plan.n.01'): 158  (a series of steps to be carried out or goals to be accomplished)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you try to maintain the principle of employee contributed ( as opposed to fully company paid ) programs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . 
	 3.Example sentence: These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program . 
	 4.Example sentence: Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe - say a liberal retirement plan - and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . 

Frequency of Synset('program.n.02'): 36  (a system of projects or services intended to meet a public need)
	 1.Example sentence: How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 3.Example sentence: What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('let.v.01.permit')
Frequency of Synset('permit.v.01'): 103  (consent to, give permission)
	 1.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim - all in violation of the Fifth Amendment . 
	 3.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 4.Example sentence: No questions , statements , or explanations are permitted - only commands . 

Frequency of Synset('let.v.01'): 309  (make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('become.v.02.become')
Frequency of Synset('become.v.01'): 467  (enter or assume a certain state or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Even two or three years ago I doubt that she 'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: The theory of international law , which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in Europe and America , broke this unity and this universality . 
	 3.Example sentence: Indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . 
	 4.Example sentence: A Texan wrote to a male companion at home : `` What has become of Halda and Laura ? 

Frequency of Synset('become.v.02'): 215  (undergo a change or development)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The important result , however , was that Juet and Francis Clemens , the deposed boatswain , became Hudson 's sworn enemies . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the century from 1815 to 1914 the law of nations became international law . 
	 4.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('rather.r.01.rather')
Frequency of Synset('rather.r.01'): 79  (on the contrary)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 4.Example sentence: Consider using vending machines rather than subsidized cafeterias . 

Frequency of Synset('rather.r.02'): 49  (to some (great or small) extent)
	 1.Example sentence: It is a lonely , rather desolate region , but full of legendary and historic associations . 
	 2.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 3.Example sentence: One of my virtues or vices is a sort of three-dimensional imagination complete with sound effects and glorious living color . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Ivy League enjoys no easy dominion here , and the boys are as likely to dress in rather foppish Continental fashion , or even in nondescript working class manner , as they are in the restrained , button-down Ivy way . 

Frequency of Synset('quite.r.01'): 52  (to a degree (not used with a negative))
	 1.Example sentence: Indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . 
	 2.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . 
	 4.Example sentence: This can only be for one of two reasons : either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence techniques ) , or our existing theories are insufficiently general . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('have.v.02.have')
Frequency of Synset('have.v.01'): 1192  (have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 3.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 4.Example sentence: If you have an annual or regular physical examination program , is it worth what it is costing you ? 

Frequency of Synset('have.v.02'): 385  (have as a feature)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Hallmark Cards , Inc. , Kansas City , Mo. , has a do-it-yourself quiz game called `` Benefit Bafflers '' , which it distributes to employees . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation . 

Frequency of Synset('experience.v.03'): 249  (go through (mental or physical states or experiences))
	 1.Example sentence: Even Hudson , experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was , must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames . 
	 2.Example sentence: Professor Fredrik Bo ^ o ^ k , Sweden 's foremost critic of the period , acclaims it as follows : `` In this we have the verse of a painter ; strongly colorful , plastic , racy , vivid . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 4.Example sentence: Boun My - the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky - was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . 

Frequency of Synset('own.v.01'): 151  (have ownership or possession of)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 3.Example sentence: Rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters admonitions or greetings to members of the Negro community . 
	 4.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 

Frequency of Synset('get.v.03'): 144  (cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Have the insurance company or your own accounting department break down the cost of your insurance package periodically . 
	 2.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure , the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses , the one who goes the farthest to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort . 
	 4.Example sentence: Really he had Mr. Skyros at bay . 

Frequency of Synset('consume.v.02'): 56  (serve oneself to, or consume regularly)
	 1.Example sentence: He had lunch with Pauling . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then they had dinner . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Since we 're having coffee with them this afternoon '' , he said , `` I think I 'll ask the daughter if we can pay her to come in every day to clean for us '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to N. V. Peale ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( Francis Thompson 's words for the Hound of Heaven 's pursuit ) by judicial fiat . 

Frequency of Synset('have.v.07'): 30  (have a personal or business relationship with someone)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: But aside from everything else , it would scarcely be pleasant to have dealings with one who was nominally an underling and actually held - you could say - the whip hand . 
	 3.Example sentence: It 's too bad I did n't call you , and it 's too bad I let Schaeffer use Accacia when he could have had a boy who 'd be glad to learn something of Homicide procedure . 
	 4.Example sentence: Because if you can n't then nobody else can either , nobody else can have him . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.03'): 119  (organize or be responsible for)
	 1.Example sentence: The trial was held September 10 . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have 2500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 4.Example sentence: The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West . 

Frequency of Synset('have.v.09'): 28  (have left)
	 1.Example sentence: Accordingly , if it is not repealed by the Congress at its present session , I shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the Secretary of Defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise . 
	 2.Example sentence: Farmers , for these purposes , have until February 15 , 1962 , to file Form 1040 and pay the tax in full for the calendar year 1961 . 
	 3.Example sentence: Fiscal year taxpayers have until the last day of the first month following the close of the fiscal year ( farmers until the 15 th day of the 2 d month ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: Just as I got to my knees , there was again the sound of the fence stretching , and I had time only to start taking my kneeling posture seriously . 

Frequency of Synset('have.v.10'): 24  (be confronted with)
	 1.Example sentence: But where we have both dark and light we have also the inexplicable . 
	 2.Example sentence: But where we have both dark and light we have also the inexplicable . 
	 3.Example sentence: In recent years , we have come increasingly to recognize that ideas have a history and that not the least important chapters of this history have to do with thematic or conceptual aspects of literature and the arts , although these aspects should be studied in conjunction with the history of philosophy , of religion , and of the sciences . 
	 4.Example sentence: Certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible . 

Frequency of Synset('have.v.11'): 25  (undergo)
	 1.Example sentence: One vocational instructor in a city vocational school , speaking of his course in a certain field , said he had no difficulty placing all students in jobs outside of the city . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` He 'll have no difficulty '' , I was told . 
	 3.Example sentence: There is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job . 
	 4.Example sentence: The toilet had n't had a sincere scrubbing in years and there were things written on the walls of the little boxed in place because you could n't keep the public out - entirely . 

Frequency of Synset('induce.v.02'): 122  (cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner)
	 1.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 
	 2.Example sentence: He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 4.Example sentence: As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared . 

Frequency of Synset('accept.v.02'): 62  (receive willingly something given or offered)
	 1.Example sentence: He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . 
	 2.Example sentence: He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . 
	 3.Example sentence: I wonder if the Carters would take one . 
	 4.Example sentence: Perhaps he had better have someone help him put up the pegboard and build the workbench - someone who knew what he was about . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.01'): 127  (get something; come into possession of)
	 1.Example sentence: Of these there are surely few that would be more rewarding discoveries than Verner von Heidenstam , the Swedish poet and novelist who received the award in 1916 and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago . 
	 2.Example sentence: In this final line , we have the key to his nature . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still another , annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive , wrote : `` Yore letter was short and sweet , jist like a roasted maget '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 

Frequency of Synset('suffer.v.02'): 25  (undergo (as of injuries and illnesses))
	 1.Example sentence: Sadie , like Beth March , suffered ill health - got rheumatic fever and had to be careful of her heart - but that never dampened her spirits . 
	 2.Example sentence: But Johnson could n't quickly unwire the truck door , and if I escaped , he might suffer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Before the fight was over , the Harlem boy had a concussion and Trig was cut up badly . 
	 4.Example sentence: - Held out of Texas Tech 's sweat suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle Richard Stafford , who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders ' 38 - 7 loss to Texas A+M . 

Frequency of Synset('have.v.17'): 16  (achieve a point or goal)
	 1.Example sentence: It is interesting to note that medium compulsives in the unstructured schools made the lowest achievement scores ( although not significantly lower ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I kicked about 110 extra points in 135 tries during three years in high school '' , he said , `` and made 26 in a row at one time . 
	 3.Example sentence: In their first three games , the Longhorns have had the ball 41 times and scored 16 times , or 40 per cent their total passing yardage in three games , 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts , is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959 , when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries . 
	 4.Example sentence: Three were doubles , Brooks Robinson getting a pair and Marv Breeding one . 

Frequency of Synset('give_birth.v.01'): 21  (cause to be born)
	 1.Example sentence: He was born in the small Danish town of Rudkoebing on the island of Langeland in the south central part of Denmark on August 14 , 1777 . 
	 2.Example sentence: He also met Count Rumford ( born Benjamin Thompson in Woburn, Mass . ) who was then serving the Elector of Bavaria , and the physicist Ritter ; these were Oersted 's main contacts in science . 
	 3.Example sentence: He seemed to remember reading somewhere that Abyssinians had large litters , and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens . 
	 4.Example sentence: O ' Banion was born in poverty , the son of an immigrant Irish plasterer , in the North Side 's Little Hell , close by the Sicilian quarter and Death Corner . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('attempt.n.01.effort')
Frequency of Synset('attempt.n.01'): 123  (earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something)
	 1.Example sentence: What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 3.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 4.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 

Frequency of Synset('effort.n.02'): 11  (use of physical or mental energy; hard work)
	 1.Example sentence: In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , there always is some limit to the numbers who will spend the time and effort to acquire training . 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you evaluated the proper place of advertising and all phases of promotion in your total marketing program - from the standpoint of effort , money , and effectiveness ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Most marketing people agree it is going to take redoubled efforts to satisfy future requirements . 

Frequency of Synset('campaign.n.02'): 20  (a series of actions advancing a principle or tending toward a particular end)
	 1.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 
	 2.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: His cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present . 
	 4.Example sentence: His broad interest in literary , political , and philosophical movements opened many doors to him . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('make.v.01.make')
Frequency of Synset('make.v.01'): 953  (engage in)
	 1.Example sentence: What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation shutdown periods ? 
	 4.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 

Frequency of Synset('make.v.02'): 423  (give certain properties to something)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 4.Example sentence: Make sure you do n't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working . 

Frequency of Synset('make.v.03'): 326  (make or cause to be or to become)
	 1.Example sentence: These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Was she in the habit of making new wills '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 

Frequency of Synset('induce.v.02'): 122  (cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner)
	 1.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 
	 2.Example sentence: He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 4.Example sentence: As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared . 

Frequency of Synset('cause.v.01'): 194  (give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally)
	 1.Example sentence: Law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 3.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: If Mr. Skyros had dreamed of all the trouble that young man would eventually cause - 

Frequency of Synset('produce.v.02'): 86  (create or manufacture a man-made product)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 

Frequency of Synset('draw.v.04'): 41  (make, formulate, or derive in the mind)
	 1.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` folksy spirit '' of Protestant religious life ; in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is not a mess you can make sense of '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: What is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory ? 
	 4.Example sentence: How can we make sense of this division ? 

Frequency of Synset('make.v.08'): 16  (compel or make somebody or something to act in a certain way)
	 1.Example sentence: But people can n't be made to integrate , socialize ( the two are inseparable by Southern standards ) by law . 
	 2.Example sentence: How could he exert authority over them - make them toe the line , as he had to - if he knuckled under to this small-town clown ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Argiento made him lie down on the bed , brought a pan of hot water , dipped some clean white linen cloth and applied it to extract the splinter . 
	 4.Example sentence: I decided I hated the Pedersen kid too , dying in our kitchen while I was away where I could n't watch , dying just to entertain Hans and making me go up snapping steps and down a drafty hall , Pa lumped under the covers at the end like dung covered with snow , snoring and whistling . 

Frequency of Synset('create.v.05'): 16  (create by artistic means)
	 1.Example sentence: The fireplace had tiles made for Mrs. Monmouth by Picasso himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration , integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form ; color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; and that over all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . 
	 3.Example sentence: First I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale ( approximately * * f inches ) in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values - the lightest light , the middle tone , and the darkest dark - by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The Bible forbids us to bow down to or to make graven images . 

Frequency of Synset('gain.v.08'): 36  (earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages)
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; he found money much more interesting ; but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living - and paid for his own stuff - and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill . 
	 2.Example sentence: He conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the Sicilians , but he had his huge North Side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money . 
	 3.Example sentence: In deciding how much land you want , take into account the amount you 'll need to bring in the income you expect . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the United States . 

Frequency of Synset('do.v.08'): 23  (create or design, often in a certain way)
	 1.Example sentence: Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant . 
	 2.Example sentence: I had n't done a serious picture in almost a year . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I asked her why she could n't do it tomorrow , but it seems the muse is working good tonight and she 's afraid to let it go '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: I wish to make Jesus an authentic Jew . 

Frequency of Synset('form.v.02'): 31  (to compose or represent:)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Fellowship by likeness '' and `` mission by friendly contact '' form the iron cage of denominational religion . 
	 2.Example sentence: The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead . 
	 3.Example sentence: They never troubled themselves about us while we were playing , because the fence formed such a definite boundary and `` Do n't go outside the gate '' was a command so impossible of misinterpretation . 
	 4.Example sentence: They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.07'): 21  (reach a goal, e.g.,)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it reaching these goals ? 
	 2.Example sentence: All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder . 
	 3.Example sentence: I kept saying , `` If I could just build up a reputation for myself , make some real money , get to be well known as an illustrator - like Peter Askington , for instance - then I could take some time off and paint '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: I let up on the accelerator , only to gradually reach again the 60 m. p. h. which would , I hoped , overhaul Herry and the blonde , and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had I , Mrs. Major Roebuck settled down to practicing on Corporal Johnson the kittenish wiles she would need when making her duty call on Colonel and Mrs. Somebody in Sante Fe . 

Frequency of Synset('construct.v.01'): 155  (make by combining materials and parts)
	 1.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
	 3.Example sentence: An acoustical interferometer has been constructed and used , with helium gas as the thermometric fluid , to measure temperatures near 4.2 and 2.1 * * f . 
	 4.Example sentence: A wall stabilized high current arc source was constructed and used to study transition probabilities of atomic hydrogen and oxygen . 

Frequency of Synset('have.v.17'): 16  (achieve a point or goal)
	 1.Example sentence: It is interesting to note that medium compulsives in the unstructured schools made the lowest achievement scores ( although not significantly lower ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I kicked about 110 extra points in 135 tries during three years in high school '' , he said , `` and made 26 in a row at one time . 
	 3.Example sentence: In their first three games , the Longhorns have had the ball 41 times and scored 16 times , or 40 per cent their total passing yardage in three games , 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts , is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959 , when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries . 
	 4.Example sentence: Three were doubles , Brooks Robinson getting a pair and Marv Breeding one . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.01'): 113  (reach a destination, either real or abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: When she reached port , she was found to have on board only eight men , all near starvation . 
	 2.Example sentence: On May 11 , she reached Iceland . 
	 3.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 4.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 

Frequency of Synset('lay_down.v.01'): 19  (institute, enact, or establish)
	 1.Example sentence: She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; particularly the scholarship fund . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 4.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.03'): 119  (organize or be responsible for)
	 1.Example sentence: The trial was held September 10 . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have 2500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 4.Example sentence: The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West . 

Frequency of Synset('cook.v.02'): 29  (prepare for eating by applying heat)
	 1.Example sentence: Because they prepare their own meals they also keep in their pockets a good portion of that $ 10.50 food bill along with most of the tip money . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Johnny insisted on cooking a chicken dinner in my honor - he 's always been a good cook - and I 'll never forget him cleaning the chicken in the tub '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was readying a batch of sourdough biscuits for the Dutch oven . 
	 4.Example sentence: Douglass prepared his sample of **f by thermal decomposition of aqueous chromic acid at 300 - 325 ` C . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('result.n.03.result')
Frequency of Synset('consequence.n.01'): 199  (a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon)
	 1.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 
	 2.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: One result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 

Frequency of Synset('solution.n.02'): 52  (a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem)
	 1.Example sentence: This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , he continued experimenting and lecturing , publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals . 
	 3.Example sentence: For answers to such questions we must turn to the anthropologists , the biologists , the historians , the psychologists , and the sociologists . 
	 4.Example sentence: Pam found she had no answers ; had only a hope . 

Frequency of Synset('result.n.03'): 40  (something that results)
	 1.Example sentence: What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The important result , however , was that Juet and Francis Clemens , the deposed boatswain , became Hudson 's sworn enemies . 
	 3.Example sentence: Russ visited two places without result and his blood pressure was down to zero . 
	 4.Example sentence: Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 * * f , with an uncertainty of 0.10 * * f . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('measure.v.04.measure')
Frequency of Synset('measure.v.01'): 35  (determine the measurements of something or somebody, take measurements of)
	 1.Example sentence: The development and testing of new apparatus to measure other properties is nearing completion . 
	 2.Example sentence: The accuracy of measuring the total electrical energy entering an exploding wire during a few microseconds was verified when two independent types of comparison with the heat energy produced had an uncertainty of less than 2 percent . 
	 3.Example sentence: An acoustical interferometer has been constructed and used , with helium gas as the thermometric fluid , to measure temperatures near 4.2 and 2.1 * * f . 
	 4.Example sentence: It has also been observed , in helium 2 , , that large discrepancies can exist between surface vapor pressures and those pressures measured by a vapor pressure thermometer . 

Frequency of Synset('quantify.v.02'): 20  (express as a number or measure or quantity)
	 1.Example sentence: The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . 
	 2.Example sentence: This involves the application of a strong magnetic field to the radical vapor , which shifts the low-frequency spectra to a conveniently high microwave range , where they may be measured with optimum sensitivity . 
	 3.Example sentence: I make no attempt to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered . 
	 4.Example sentence: In any case , Dr. Calderone remarks , such problems are a couple 's own affair , and can n't always be measured by a general yardstick . 

Frequency of Synset('measure.v.03'): 14  (have certain dimensions)
	 1.Example sentence: One female , collected on an island off the coast of Nicaragua , was gravid and measured 4 feet 8 inches from snout to vent ( her tail should be between 6 and 7 inches long ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: They deduced from their measurements that the radio emission from the whole disk of the moon varied during a lunation in a roughly sinusoidal fashion ; that the amplitude of the variation was considerably less than the amplitude of the variation in the infrared emission as measured by Pettit and Nicholson ( 1930 ) and Pettit ( 1935 ) ; and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3 - 1 2 days after Full Moon , which is again in contrast to the infrared emission , which reaches its maximum at Full Moon . 
	 3.Example sentence: The antenna patterns and the power gain at the peak of the beam were both measured ( Mayer , McCullough , and Sloanaker , 1958 b ) , so that the absolute power sensitivity of the antenna beam over the solid angle of the moon was known . 
	 4.Example sentence: The result of the observations is ( in ` K ) **f where the phase angle , |qt , is measured in degrees from new moon and the probable errors include absolute as well as relative errors . 

Frequency of Synset('measure.v.04'): 40  (evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of)
	 1.Example sentence: What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do you measure its relation to reduced absenteeism , turnover , accidents , and grievances , and to improved quality and output ? 
	 3.Example sentence: The bartender measured this situation with heavy eyes and decided he wanted no part of it . 
	 4.Example sentence: The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('quality.n.01.quality')
Frequency of Synset('quality.n.01'): 37  (an essential and distinguishing attribute of something or someone; --Shakespeare)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you measure its relation to reduced absenteeism , turnover , accidents , and grievances , and to improved quality and output ? 
	 2.Example sentence: These qualities endeared him to both the musicians and the social economic haute monde which supported the concert world of the post World War 1 , era . 
	 3.Example sentence: Take Augustine 's doctrine of grace given and grace withheld : have you pondered the dramatic qualities in this theology ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The personal quality of Samuel Beckett is similar to qualities I had found in the plays . 

Frequency of Synset('quality.n.02'): 18  (a degree or grade of excellence or worth)
	 1.Example sentence: If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . 
	 2.Example sentence: Despite the clarity of his presentation , his idea was not of Einsteinian calibre . 
	 3.Example sentence: Dr. Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the Century Magazine or Harper 's but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in The Messenger , `` so our readers will be benefited instead '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto . 

Frequency of Synset('quality.n.03'): 24  (a characteristic property that defines the apparent individual nature of something)
	 1.Example sentence: For both Plato and Aristotle artistic mimesis , in contrast to the power of dialectic , is relatively incapable of expressing the character of fundamental reality . 
	 2.Example sentence: The mimetic character of the imaginative consciousness tends to express itself in the presentation of artistic forms and materials . 
	 3.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 4.Example sentence: Experience is not seen , as it is in classical rationalism , as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character , movements , and changes on the tabula rasa of an uninvolved intellect . 

Frequency of Synset('timbre.n.01'): 17  ((music) the distinctive property of a complex sound (a voice or noise or musical sound))
	 1.Example sentence: For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . 
	 2.Example sentence: This limited familiarity with the possible phenomena has severely hampered work with tone . 
	 3.Example sentence: The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter . 
	 4.Example sentence: The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('specify.v.02.set')
Frequency of Synset('put.v.01'): 310  (put into a certain place or abstract location)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: Put a dollar and cents limit on benefits . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 4.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.03'): 47  (fix conclusively or authoritatively)
	 1.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 2.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one 's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught . 

Frequency of Synset('specify.v.02'): 33  (decide upon or fix definitely)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? 
	 2.Example sentence: When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 4.Example sentence: The commands are specified by the military regulations ; are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . 

Frequency of Synset('fix.v.12'): 49  (make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus at the same time that William Henry Harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe , Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thorpe came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty . 
	 4.Example sentence: They found it at the junction between Troops H and G , and prepared to counterattack . 

Frequency of Synset('adjust.v.01'): 19  (alter or regulate so as to achieve accuracy or conform to a standard)
	 1.Example sentence: The shutter aperture may be made larger or smaller by changing the foil area and adjusting the electrical energy input to the foil . 
	 2.Example sentence: Beginning in 1960 , the matching requirements for the base allotment are being adjusted ( upward or downward , as required ) 25 % a year , so that by 1963 the entire support allotment will be matched on the basis of a 40 % pivot State share , with maximum and minimum State shares of 50 % and 30 % , respectively . 
	 3.Example sentence: The spectrometer was adjusted to minimize the amount of dispersion mode mixed in with the absorption signal . 
	 4.Example sentence: This tube could be adjusted in its axial direction by an electric drive to establish the required electrode spacing . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('reach.v.07.reach')
Frequency of Synset('reach.v.01'): 113  (reach a destination, either real or abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: When she reached port , she was found to have on board only eight men , all near starvation . 
	 2.Example sentence: On May 11 , she reached Iceland . 
	 3.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 4.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.02'): 43  (reach a point in time, or a certain state or level)
	 1.Example sentence: His salary had reached the ten thousand mark . 
	 2.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 
	 3.Example sentence: Not that such a list cannot be constructed ; but the nearer it comes to attaining universality , the less significant will it be linguistically . 
	 4.Example sentence: Failure confirms the threat , and the intensity of anxiety is increased as the required learning becomes more difficult , so that by the time the child reaches the third grade the decrement in performance is pronounced . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.03'): 28  (move forward or upward in order to touch; also in a metaphorical sense)
	 1.Example sentence: Reaching across the side of the stall , he slapped the buckskin on the rump . 
	 2.Example sentence: A match flared , and he reached above his head to light a lantern which hung from a wire loop . 
	 3.Example sentence: He started to reach for his gun , but apparently hammer it . 
	 4.Example sentence: He reached out to pull the door shut and fasten it with a sliding bolt . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.04'): 32  (be in or establish communication with)
	 1.Example sentence: The transmutation of mission to co-optation is further indicated by the insignificance of educational activities , worship , preaching , and publicity in reaching new members . 
	 2.Example sentence: They seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new . 
	 3.Example sentence: There would be all the nuisance of contacting someone else to take over . 
	 4.Example sentence: To his amazement he reached him . 

Frequency of Synset('achieve.v.01'): 47  (to gain with effort)
	 1.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 
	 2.Example sentence: With the first of a group of historical novels , The Charles Men ( Karolinerna ) , published in 1897 - 8 , he achieved the masterpiece of his career . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oersted 's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . 
	 4.Example sentence: In one of these , an exploding wire device to study systems thermodynamically up to 6000 * * f and 100 atmospheres pressure , a major goal was achieved . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.06'): 13  (to extend as far as)
	 1.Example sentence: The front windows of the place were long and narrow , reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior . 
	 2.Example sentence: Beaten with fear and sound and wet and chill , they crawled to the hurricane deck and looked out haggardly at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was no real sign of the river now , just a roiling , oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: Once , then - for how many years or how few does not matter - my world was bound round by fences , when I was too small to reach the apple tree bough , to twist my knee over it and pull myself up . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.07'): 21  (reach a goal, e.g.,)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it reaching these goals ? 
	 2.Example sentence: All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder . 
	 3.Example sentence: I kept saying , `` If I could just build up a reputation for myself , make some real money , get to be well known as an illustrator - like Peter Askington , for instance - then I could take some time off and paint '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: I let up on the accelerator , only to gradually reach again the 60 m. p. h. which would , I hoped , overhaul Herry and the blonde , and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had I , Mrs. Major Roebuck settled down to practicing on Corporal Johnson the kittenish wiles she would need when making her duty call on Colonel and Mrs. Somebody in Sante Fe . 

Frequency of Synset('pass.v.05'): 52  (place into the hands or custody of)
	 1.Example sentence: U. S. Rubber Company , New York , passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: But there is nothing in the Act requiring the hearing officer 's report to be likewise turned over to the registrant . 
	 3.Example sentence: Handing the money over , Russ wiped his hands on his pants-legs as if ridding himself of something unclean . 
	 4.Example sentence: He replenished the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('bigger.s.01.larger')
Frequency of Synset('bigger.s.01'): 57  (large or big relative to something else)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Joan Sheldon had earned the larger bequest . 
	 3.Example sentence: They spread over an area no larger than Oregon ; yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonians . 
	 4.Example sentence: While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous . 

Frequency of Synset('large.a.01'): 228  (above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It contained a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather armchairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded . 
	 4.Example sentence: As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the great strait . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('truly.r.01.really')
Frequency of Synset('truly.r.01'): 79  (in accordance with truth or fact or reality)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 2.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I really do have something important to tell you , Mr. Scott . 
	 4.Example sentence: I showed her the shower and tub , and she said , smiling , `` If you really do n't mind , I think I 'll get clean in the shower , then soak for a few minutes in your tub . 

Frequency of Synset('actually.r.01'): 76  (in actual fact)
	 1.Example sentence: Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 3.Example sentence: He again stated that he was `` a regular minister '' ; that he was `` devoting an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching publicly '' , in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other ministerial duties , and that he opposed war in any form . 
	 4.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 

Frequency of Synset('very.r.01'): 232  (used as intensifiers; `real' is sometimes used informally for `really'; `rattling' is informal)
	 1.Example sentence: And it makes a very poor red herring for an inside job . 
	 2.Example sentence: Very nice for him . 
	 3.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('want.v.02.need')
Frequency of Synset('necessitate.v.01'): 320  (require as useful, just, or proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 

Frequency of Synset('want.v.02'): 115  (have need of)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they 're entitled to . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('use.v.01.use')
Frequency of Synset('use.v.01'): 696  (put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you using the most economical printing methods , paper , etc. . 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? 

Frequency of Synset('use.v.02'): 12  (take or consume (regularly or habitually))
	 1.Example sentence: Any alteration of one of these factors is distortion , although we generally use that word only for effects so pronounced that they can be stated quantitatively on the basis of standard tests . 
	 2.Example sentence: His mind turned the globe swiftly for him , and he visualized Africa , which used Swahili south of the Sahara Sea . 
	 3.Example sentence: In Chicago , some time ago , Mr. H. , age 27 , a diabetic since he was six , stopped using insulin because he had bought a `` magic spike '' - a glass tube about the size of a pencil filled with barium chloride worth a small fraction of a cent - sold by the Vrilium Company of Chicago for $ 306 as a cure-all . 
	 4.Example sentence: The place smelt of some kind of hair lotion these pimp like characters use . 

Frequency of Synset('use.v.03'): 12  (use up, consume fully)
	 1.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 2.Example sentence: If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , if Federal funds are used , it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment . 
	 4.Example sentence: A part-time farmer and his family can use their spare time profitably . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('most.r.01.most')
Frequency of Synset('most.r.01'): 177  (used to form the superlative)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you using the most economical printing methods , paper , etc. . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One of the most common of camp maladies was diarrhoea . 

Frequency of Synset('most.r.02'): 60  (very)
	 1.Example sentence: In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most assuredly ideas are invaluable . 
	 3.Example sentence: The very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts ; usually , this is most exasperating to men , who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sadie studied piano ; played Chopin in the `` Soiree Musicale of Mr. Guthrie 's Pupils '' ; and she recited `` Hector 's Farewell to Andromache '' most movingly , to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds ' in Baltimore . 

Frequency of Synset('about.r.07'): 56  ((of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but)
	 1.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 4.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('paper.n.01.paper')
Frequency of Synset('paper.n.01'): 29  (a material made of cellulose pulp derived mainly from wood or rags or certain grasses)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you using the most economical printing methods , paper , etc. . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the South , after the first year of the war , paper and ink were very poor . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which , properly handled , would , he had assured him , turn into a workbench . 

Frequency of Synset('composition.n.08'): 21  (an essay (especially one written as an assignment))
	 1.Example sentence: Dr. A. V. Astin , NBS Director , opened the 5 - day session with introductory remarks , following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by NBS scientists , from both the Washington and Boulder Laboratories . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second explanation is suggested by the material described in Rowlands ' paper . 
	 3.Example sentence: One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : 
	 4.Example sentence: But it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology . 

Frequency of Synset('newspaper.n.01'): 40  (a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articles and advertisements)
	 1.Example sentence: `` No , I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here , and when it happened all I could think of was - '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The merits of the Salk anti polio vaccine were not established on the forensic platform or in newspaper editorials , but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are boxed proclamations in the newspaper of watchings , pinnings , ringings , engagements , and marriages in a scrupulously graded hierarchy of felicity . 
	 4.Example sentence: Under her father 's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience . 

Frequency of Synset('newspaper.n.02'): 15  (a business firm that publishes newspapers)
	 1.Example sentence: And the school newspaper sells space to jubilant fraternities , sororities , and houses ( in the House Plan Association ) that have good news to impart . 
	 2.Example sentence: He then got a job with the Chicago Herald-Examiner as a circulation slugger , a rough fighter employed to see that his paper 's news pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors . 
	 3.Example sentence: The shooting development program of the Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufacturers ' Institute has successfully published these facts in all major outdoor magazines , many national weeklies and the trade papers . 
	 4.Example sentence: Other THC activities followed , conducted by shopping centers , department stores , recreation equipment dealers , radio - TV stations , newspapers , and other organizations interested in the need existing to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and appreciations related to hunting and wise use of our natural resources . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('attitude.n.01.attitude')
Frequency of Synset('attitude.n.01'): 62  (a complex mental state involving beliefs and feelings and values and dispositions to act in certain ways)
	 1.Example sentence: Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship . 
	 4.Example sentence: On the surface , this seems a sound approach to Christian mission : members of the congregation show by their friendly attitudes that they care for new people ; the new people respond in kind by joining the church . 

Frequency of Synset('position.n.04'): 16  (the arrangement of the body and its limbs)
	 1.Example sentence: Behind him on the steps of the little office sat old man Arthur ; he was straight , something angry in his attitude , as if he might be waiting to report something . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath defying his ulcer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Just as I got to my knees , there was again the sound of the fence stretching , and I had time only to start taking my kneeling posture seriously . 
	 4.Example sentence: I regained my squatting position behind the truck cab 's rear window . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('promote.v.01.encourage')
Frequency of Synset('promote.v.01'): 91  (contribute to the progress or growth of)
	 1.Example sentence: Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are they encouraged to take full legal advantage of these benefits ? 
	 3.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 4.Example sentence: conduct , encourage , and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for converting saline water into water suitable for beneficial consumptive purposes ; 

Frequency of Synset('encourage.v.02'): 11  (inspire with confidence; give hope or courage to)
	 1.Example sentence: Encourage them to exercise their benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: With multiple member districts the still fragmentary local party organizations could have operated more effectively and parties might have been encouraged to state their positions more clearly . 
	 3.Example sentence: The name encouraged him , because he always felt that he could handle the Irish . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was neither a spirit of self-sacrifice nor a yen to encourage the downtrodden that motivated Arnold . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('work.n.01.work')
Frequency of Synset('work.n.01'): 87  (activity directed toward making or doing something)
	 1.Example sentence: Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work ? 

Frequency of Synset('work.n.02'): 76  (a product produced or accomplished through the effort or activity or agency of a person or thing)
	 1.Example sentence: `` The man 's true reputation is his work '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whether in prose or poetry , all of Heidenstam 's later work was concerned with Sweden . 
	 4.Example sentence: Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory . 

Frequency of Synset('employment.n.02'): 36  (the occupation for which you are paid)
	 1.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: Carpenters all wanted steady work and at the moment every mother's son for twenty miles around that could hammer nails for twenty-five dollars a day was working on the school job . 
	 3.Example sentence: Formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student , while still in school , to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation . 

Frequency of Synset('study.n.02'): 28  (applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject (especially by reading))
	 1.Example sentence: The brothers continued to help each other during their studies , sharing a joint purse , lodging together in the dormitory and dining together at the home of their aunt . 
	 2.Example sentence: So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; there is a struggle there , in which , if he falls , it is easy for him to rise again , there is freedom of utterance there , which draws after it no irreparable consequences on society . 
	 3.Example sentence: Under pressure from parents , the majority of Brooklyn College girls major in education since that co-ordinates best with marriage plans - limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours . 
	 4.Example sentence: The efforts and accomplishments fall into three main categories : absolute thermometry based upon the velocity of sound in helium gas , secondary thermometry involving principally studies of the behavior of germanium resistors , and helium 4 vapor-pressure measurements ( see p. 144 ) . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('plant.n.01.plant')
Frequency of Synset('plant.n.01'): 68  (buildings for carrying on industrial labor)
	 1.Example sentence: Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in plant feeding operation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Could an employee 's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? 

Frequency of Synset('plant.n.02'): 36  ((botany) a living organism lacking the power of locomotion)
	 1.Example sentence: The result is that I included 70 animal names , but Swadesh only 4 ; and somewhat similarly for plants , 16 as against 4 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Swadesh , and therefore Hoijer , felt compelled to omit all terms denoting species or even genera ( fox , vulture , salmon , yellow pine , manzanita ) ; their classes of animal and plant terms are restricted to generalizations or recurrent parts ( fish , bird , tree , grass , horn , tail , bark , root ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Had Hoijer substituted for his 15 adjectival slots 15 good animal and plant items , his rate of stem replacement would have been lower and the age of Athabascan language separation smaller . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('offer.v.01.offer')
Frequency of Synset('offer.v.01'): 95  (make available or accessible, provide or furnish)
	 1.Example sentence: Is your purchasing agent offering too much free buying service for employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you indiscriminantly offering unnecessary medical services - flu shots , sun lamp treatments , etc. ? 
	 3.Example sentence: All told , they offered a highly confused picture . 
	 4.Example sentence: The reason offered for clinging to the ancestral faith lacked force and authority even in the teen-agers ' minds . 

Frequency of Synset('offer.v.02'): 31  (present for acceptance or rejection)
	 1.Example sentence: Thayer folded it up and offered a drink . 
	 2.Example sentence: Although we enjoyed our rounds of the government offices in Vientiane , with officials offering tea and pleasing conversation in French , we were getting nowhere . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Ferraros offered them biscuits with the coffee . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Holy Father would die soon , she said to Carla , so she could translate for Sam , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world . 

Frequency of Synset('volunteer.v.02'): 14  (agree freely)
	 1.Example sentence: Instead we have stood idly by , watched our commuter railroad service decline , and have failed to offer a helping hand . 
	 2.Example sentence: In this connection , it has been observed that the increasing number of Irish Catholics , priests and laity , in England , while certainly seen as good for Catholicism , is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic English Catholics , especially when these Irishmen offer to remind their Christian brethren of this good . 
	 3.Example sentence: Almost daily something is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in England : statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and Irish Catholic immigrants ; news of a Protestant minister in Leamington who has offered to allow a Catholic priest to preach from his pulpit ; a report that a Catholic nun had been requested to teach in a non-Catholic secondary school during the sickness of one of its masters ; the startling statement in a respectable periodical that `` Catholics , if the present system is still in operation , will constitute almost one-third of the House of Lords in the next generation '' ; a report that 200 Protestant clergymen and laity attended a votive Mass offered for Christian unity at a Catholic church in Slough during the Church Unity Octave . 
	 4.Example sentence: Almost daily something is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in England : statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and Irish Catholic immigrants ; news of a Protestant minister in Leamington who has offered to allow a Catholic priest to preach from his pulpit ; a report that a Catholic nun had been requested to teach in a non-Catholic secondary school during the sickness of one of its masters ; the startling statement in a respectable periodical that `` Catholics , if the present system is still in operation , will constitute almost one-third of the House of Lords in the next generation '' ; a report that 200 Protestant clergymen and laity attended a votive Mass offered for Christian unity at a Catholic church in Slough during the Church Unity Octave . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('condition.n.01.condition')
Frequency of Synset('condition.n.01'): 70  (a state at a particular time)
	 1.Example sentence: When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . 
	 3.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 4.Example sentence: Men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as `` looseness of the bowels '' ; but a much more common designation was `` the sh-ts '' . 

Frequency of Synset('condition.n.02'): 12  (an assumption on which rests the validity or effect of something else)
	 1.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . 
	 4.Example sentence: Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . 

Frequency of Synset('circumstance.n.03'): 15  (information that should be kept in mind when making a decision)
	 1.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 
	 2.Example sentence: Merely having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consideration . 
	 3.Example sentence: National defense considerations have been the major reason behind most Federal training expenditures in recent decades . 
	 4.Example sentence: This Court agreed with the trial court `` that considerations of price , quality and service were not overlooked by either du Pont or General Motors '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('try.v.01.try')
Frequency of Synset('try.v.01'): 390  (make an effort or attempt)
	 1.Example sentence: When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do you try to maintain the principle of employee contributed ( as opposed to fully company paid ) programs ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Feverishly , he tried to brush away this intuition . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hands on Bible , seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins . 

Frequency of Synset('test.v.01'): 50  (put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to)
	 1.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long sought waterway . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ideas need to be tested , and not merely by argument and debate . 
	 4.Example sentence: A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested . 

Frequency of Synset('hear.v.03'): 12  (examine or hear (evidence or a case) by judicial process)
	 1.Example sentence: Hudson , presiding , heard Juet 's defense , then called for testimony from crew members . 
	 2.Example sentence: A House committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report , although the resolution faces hard sledding later . 
	 3.Example sentence: The judge became ill just as the Colfax District Court convened , no substitute was brought in , no criminal cases heard , only 5 out of 122 cases docketed were tried , and court adjourned sine die after sitting a few days instead of the usual three weeks . 
	 4.Example sentence: These were the last two days set aside by the board for hearing appeals . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('union.n.01.union')
Frequency of Synset('union.n.01'): 27  (an organization of employees formed to bargain with the employer)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Unions stress fringe benefits , but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time . 

Frequency of Synset('marriage.n.01'): 27  (the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until divorce))
	 1.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship . 
	 3.Example sentence: While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins ' pronouncement in Pleas of the Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage . 
	 4.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('certain.s.07.sure')
Frequency of Synset('certain.a.02'): 57  (having or feeling no doubt or uncertainty; confident and assured)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Of only one could he be sure - young John Hudson , his second son . 
	 3.Example sentence: There had been a good second or two during which my muffler had been blowing out , and now I was certain I 'd seen her somewhere before . 
	 4.Example sentence: But I 'm sure the other one was Lou '' . 

Frequency of Synset('certain.s.07'): 22  (exercising or taking care great enough to bring assurance)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 4.Example sentence: Make sure you do n't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('choice.n.02.choice')
Frequency of Synset('choice.n.01'): 11  (the person or thing chosen or selected)
	 1.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 2.Example sentence: Accident , murder , suicide - take your pick '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Finally , information is retrieved from the dictionary as required by stages of the translation process - the grammatic description for sentence-structure determination , equivalent choice information for semantic analysis , and target-language equivalents for output construction . 
	 4.Example sentence: Lacking the respected and effective institutions that consensus helps provide , minority parties , such as the P.D.I. in 1957 and the progressive Istiqlal faction in 1958 , clamor for elections when out of power , but are not at all certain they wish to be controlled by popular choice when in power . 

Frequency of Synset('choice.n.02'): 21  (the act of choosing or selecting)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: The domestic tentacles even extend to the choice of a major field . 
	 3.Example sentence: These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice . 
	 4.Example sentence: Has your company developed selection and training processes that are geared to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yr. ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('new.a.01.new')
Frequency of Synset('new.a.01'): 278  (not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Promptly at one-thirty he entered Hohlbein and Garth 's elegant suite of offices in Medfield 's newest professional building . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Was she in the habit of making new wills '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The new mate was Robert Bylot , talented but inexperienced . 

Frequency of Synset('fresh.s.04'): 43  (original and of a kind not seen before)
	 1.Example sentence: It was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did Byron 's Childe Harold . 
	 2.Example sentence: He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices . 
	 3.Example sentence: Together they also developed a new form of voltaic cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of copper , thereby producing stronger currents . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hour.n.01.hour')
Frequency of Synset('hour.n.01'): 88  (a period of time equal to 1/24th of a day)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you publicized the cents per hour value of the company 's share of insurance premiums ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven o ' clock dinner . 

Frequency of Synset('hour.n.02'): 22  (clock time)
	 1.Example sentence: All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder . 
	 2.Example sentence: Stanley had filled out the return and because , when he was finished , it was close to the lunch hour , he had politely asked Kitti to join him , never expecting her to accept . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nothing like Godot , he arrived before the hour . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was nine o ' clock in the morning : the hour which , like a spade turning clods of earth , exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('cost.n.01.cost')
Frequency of Synset('cost.n.01'): 75  (the total spent for goods or services including money and time and labor)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs ? 

Frequency of Synset('monetary_value.n.01'): 63  (the property of having material worth (often indicated by the amount of money something would bring if sold))
	 1.Example sentence: When did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other sources ? 
	 2.Example sentence: When did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other sources ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Latest models serve hot meals at reasonable prices , and at a profit to you . 
	 4.Example sentence: If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('consider.v.05.consider')
Frequency of Synset('see.v.05'): 191  (deem to be)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A gift horse to be viewed with suspicion '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 4.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 

Frequency of Synset('study.v.03'): 63  (give careful consideration to)
	 1.Example sentence: We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner 's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not once , in the time that he had known her , had he ever considered the possibility , not once , not for one one-thousandth of a second , of her infidelity . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could not consider it now . 
	 4.Example sentence: The model of this paper considers an industry which is not characterized by vigorous price competition , but which is so basic that its wage price policies are held in check by continuous critical public scrutiny . 

Frequency of Synset('consider.v.03'): 73  (take into consideration for exemplifying purposes)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in plant feeding operation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . 

Frequency of Synset('consider.v.04'): 35  (show consideration for; take into account)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the Hotel Dumont there had , at the time in issue , been twenty-three overnighters , counting couples as singular . 
	 4.Example sentence: Rather he weighs each phonologic fact in the light of its orthographic usefulness . 

Frequency of Synset('consider.v.05'): 15  (think about carefully; weigh)
	 1.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Her impact in the ZING commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series , Underwater Western Eye , a documentary type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits . 
	 3.Example sentence: Dr. Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the Century Magazine or Harper 's but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in The Messenger , `` so our readers will be benefited instead '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: They want to be fat cats , Pam thought , and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together . 

Frequency of Synset('think.v.01'): 279  (judge or regard; look upon; judge)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` They thout I was a saint . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A. M. A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you did n't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you did n't bathe . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('restrict.v.01.restrict')
Frequency of Synset('restrict.v.01'): 14  (place restrictions on)
	 1.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? 
	 3.Example sentence: What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation shutdown periods ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate . 

Frequency of Synset('restrict.v.03'): 39  (place limits on (extent or access))
	 1.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 2.Example sentence: However likely it was , Pauling said , he could n't limit himself to it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially `` limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('pay.v.01.pay')
Frequency of Synset('pay.v.01'): 138  (give money, usually in exchange for goods or services)
	 1.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . 
	 4.Example sentence: Make sure you do n't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.05'): 52  (convey, as of a compliment, regards, attention, etc.; bestow)
	 1.Example sentence: When you see them again give them my love - not best respects now , but love by God '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the villages people lined up to give us flowers . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Prime Minister paid his respects to the Buddhist monks , strode rapidly among the houses , joked with the local soldiery , and made a speech . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 

Frequency of Synset('pay_up.v.01'): 12  (cancel or discharge a debt)
	 1.Example sentence: A restaurant posted a reminder to patrons `` who became excited and left without paying their checks '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whether the check is certified or uncertified , the tax is not paid until the check is paid . 
	 3.Example sentence: State representatives decided Thursday against taking a poll on what kind of taxes Texans would prefer to pay . 
	 4.Example sentence: Last month in Ghana an American missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been doubled . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.10'): 25  (dedicate)
	 1.Example sentence: Attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches ; this style is characteristically an expression of the communal style of the middle classes . 
	 2.Example sentence: In town no one paid much attention to an occasional shot ; but on the range gunfire had a meaning . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a cold , windy day , the day after Kitti 's death , but Stanley Gilborn paid no attention to the blustery October wind . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both Negro and white , should devote far more attention . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('money.n.01.money')
Frequency of Synset('money.n.01'): 76  (the most common medium of exchange; functions as legal tender)
	 1.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money ? 

Frequency of Synset('money.n.02'): 15  (wealth reckoned in terms of money)
	 1.Example sentence: `` The commercials have just been for money , there has n't been any real incentive for me to do them , but in Underwater Western Eye I 'd have a chance to act . 
	 2.Example sentence: It ignores the sordid financial aspects ( quite conveniently , too , for his audience , who could indulge in moral indignation without visible , or even conscious , discomfort , their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: All moneys received from dispositions under this section shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts ) 
	 4.Example sentence: So somebody else knew what would happen to her father 's money if she died . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('make.v.01.do')
Frequency of Synset('make.v.01'): 953  (engage in)
	 1.Example sentence: What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation shutdown periods ? 
	 4.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 

Frequency of Synset('perform.v.01'): 196  (carry out or perform an action)
	 1.Example sentence: Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters ' sons to retain in camp Negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` That 's the last one we did . 
	 3.Example sentence: My lovely caller - Joyce Holland was her name - had previously done three filmed commercials for ZING , and this evening , the fourth , a super production , had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor . 
	 4.Example sentence: What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor 's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes - and handbag containing her identification . 

Frequency of Synset('do.v.03'): 125  (get (something) done)
	 1.Example sentence: Together they had probably done more than any other men to help push Laos toward the 20 th century - constructively . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I 've done several filmed commercials for - '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` It depends on who does it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so . 

Frequency of Synset('do.v.04'): 55  (proceed or get along)
	 1.Example sentence: It is significant , too , that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . 
	 2.Example sentence: The consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College outnumber the boys and do somewhat better academically . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nor can anyone be certain that Prokofieff would have done better , or even as well , under different circumstances . 
	 4.Example sentence: His fellow countryman , Igor Stravinsky , certainly did not . 

Frequency of Synset('cause.v.01'): 194  (give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally)
	 1.Example sentence: Law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 3.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: If Mr. Skyros had dreamed of all the trouble that young man would eventually cause - 

Frequency of Synset('practice.v.01'): 42  (carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions)
	 1.Example sentence: `` What does he have in mind to do when he graduates '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: And most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a small way this is illustrated by the nineteenth century novelist who argued for the powerful influence of literature as a teacher of society and who illustrated this with the way a girl learned to meet her lover , how to behave , how to think about this new experience , how to exercise restraint . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mrs. Trempler was tuberculosis , Mrs. Surcliffe was Mothers ' March of Dimes , Mrs. Craven was cancer , and Mrs. Gilkson did the kidney . 

Frequency of Synset('do.v.08'): 23  (create or design, often in a certain way)
	 1.Example sentence: Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant . 
	 2.Example sentence: I had n't done a serious picture in almost a year . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I asked her why she could n't do it tomorrow , but it seems the muse is working good tonight and she 's afraid to let it go '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: I wish to make Jesus an authentic Jew . 

Frequency of Synset('act.v.02'): 38  (behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself)
	 1.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 
	 2.Example sentence: He behaved publicly with a cocky , swaggering truculence that offended their vulpine Latin minds , and behaved towards them personally with an unimpressed insolence that enraged them beneath their blandness . 
	 3.Example sentence: He behaved publicly with a cocky , swaggering truculence that offended their vulpine Latin minds , and behaved towards them personally with an unimpressed insolence that enraged them beneath their blandness . 
	 4.Example sentence: For the purposes of setting the product price , the industry behaves as a single entity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sign.v.02.sign')
Frequency of Synset('sign.v.01'): 17  (mark with one's signature; write one's name (on))
	 1.Example sentence: Besides , Miss Henrietta - as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a chignon in the back - had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing ; so Cyrus Adler became interested in her friend Racie Friedenwald , and Joe Jastrow - the only young man who when he wrote had the temerity to address her as Henrietta , and signed himself Joe - fell in love with pretty sister Rachel . 
	 2.Example sentence: If you are unable to sign the request , because of illness or other good cause , another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the request on your behalf , stating the reason why you are unable to sign . 
	 3.Example sentence: If you are unable to sign the request , because of illness or other good cause , another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the request on your behalf , stating the reason why you are unable to sign . 
	 4.Example sentence: If you are unable to sign the request , because of illness or other good cause , another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the request on your behalf , stating the reason why you are unable to sign . 

Frequency of Synset('sign.v.02'): 13  (approve and express assent, responsibility, or obligation)
	 1.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: You can n't tell a customer how much it 's going to cost him to refinance his payments before he even signs for a loan on the money down ! 
	 3.Example sentence: In March , 1931 , 22 out of 28 members of a committee of the Federal Council of Churches ratified artificial methods of birth control . 
	 4.Example sentence: A big-league municipal stadium at Flushing Meadow Park is in the works , and once the lease is signed the local club will be formally recognized by Commissioner Ford C. Frick . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('understand.v.01.understand')
Frequency of Synset('understand.v.01'): 105  (know and comprehend the nature or meaning of)
	 1.Example sentence: Do your employees understand all the benefits to which your insurance entitles them ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Few writers have better understood their deepest selves . 
	 3.Example sentence: Neither of them , I understood , had been present at the filming session earlier . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . 

Frequency of Synset('understand.v.02'): 197  (perceive (an idea or situation) mentally)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd have consulted us , you see . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 

Frequency of Synset('understand.v.03'): 14  (make sense of a language)
	 1.Example sentence: Whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination , it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive , that they belong together . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Phillips took a razor to Gonzalez , Prop. , but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome . 
	 3.Example sentence: We propose a method for selecting only dictionary information required by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text . 
	 4.Example sentence: Until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand , we are depriving ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('entire.s.01.full')
Frequency of Synset('full.a.01'): 36  (containing as much or as many as is possible or normal)
	 1.Example sentence: It is a lonely , rather desolate region , but full of legendary and historic associations . 
	 2.Example sentence: But fathers often addressed communications to their small children ; and these , full of homely advice , are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters . 
	 3.Example sentence: In truth , we can say that this broke the power of Senator Joseph McCarthy , who was finally exposed in full light to the American people . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Serge Prokofieff whom we knew in the United States of America was gay , witty , mercurial , full of pranks and bonheur - and very capable as a professional musician . 

Frequency of Synset('entire.s.01'): 100  (constituting the full quantity or extent; complete)
	 1.Example sentence: Are they encouraged to take full legal advantage of these benefits ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? 
	 3.Example sentence: His earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1806 his ambition was realized and he became professor of physics at the Copenhagen University , though not realizing full professorship ( ordinarius ) until 1817 . 

Frequency of Synset('full.s.06'): 19  (having the normally expected amount)
	 1.Example sentence: Otherwise , you may be saddled with a good size milk bill by milk drinkers . 
	 2.Example sentence: There had been a good second or two during which my muffler had been blowing out , and now I was certain I 'd seen her somewhere before . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board . 
	 4.Example sentence: The front windows of the place were long and narrow , reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('value.n.01.value')
Frequency of Synset('value.n.01'): 65  (a numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you publicized the cents per hour value of the company 's share of insurance premiums ? 
	 2.Example sentence: This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago . 
	 3.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 
	 4.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 

Frequency of Synset('value.n.02'): 52  (the quality (positive or negative) that renders something desirable or valuable)
	 1.Example sentence: Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . 
	 2.Example sentence: Shakespeare 's Shylock , too , is of dubious value in the modern world . 
	 3.Example sentence: But what a super Herculean task it is to winnow anything of value from the mud beplastered arguments used so freely , particularly since such common use is made of cliches and stereotypes , in themselves declarations of intellectual bankruptcy . 
	 4.Example sentence: The paper has a certain value as a comparatively easy introduction to this approach , particularly since it treats a fairly simple and straightforward phenomenon where it is possible to compare it with a more traditional ( though not structural ) statement . 

Frequency of Synset('value.n.03'): 13  (the amount (of money or goods or services) that is considered to be a fair equivalent for something else)
	 1.Example sentence: U. S. Rubber Company , New York , passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 3.Example sentence: From an initial investment of $ 1200 in 1943 , it has grown , with no additional capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $ 10000000 ( we do n't disclose financial figures to the public ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: Alexander McDonnell , governor of Red River , and James Bird , a chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company , ordered such `` sundry articles '' to a value of 4500 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('company.n.01.company')
Frequency of Synset('company.n.01'): 60  (an institution created to conduct business)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you publicized the cents per hour value of the company 's share of insurance premiums ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do you try to maintain the principle of employee contributed ( as opposed to fully company paid ) programs ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions ? 
	 4.Example sentence: If you use company transportation to meet trains or to haul visitors , would taxis be cheaper ? 

Frequency of Synset('company.n.02'): 14  (small military unit; usually two or three platoons)
	 1.Example sentence: With our company of soldiers , we made one long column of reddish dust . 
	 2.Example sentence: In September 1822 two companies of infantry arrived at the mouth of the St. Peter's River , the head of navigation on the Mississippi , and began construction of Fort St. Anthony which , upon completion , was renamed in honor of its commander , Colonel Josiah Snelling . 
	 3.Example sentence: Another force flanked the company and took up a position on a hill to the rear . 
	 4.Example sentence: He assembled a group of 25 men , composed of wounded troopers awaiting evacuation , the company clerk , supply men , cooks and drivers , and led them to the hill . 

Frequency of Synset('party.n.03'): 12  (a band of people associated temporarily in some activity)
	 1.Example sentence: Without monitoring , a military hookup becomes a noisy party . 
	 2.Example sentence: As a strike continues , these parties increase their pressure on the industry to reach an agreement . 
	 3.Example sentence: The forced sale of the General Motors stock owned by or allocable to Christiana , Delaware , and the stockholders of Delaware , and deposited with the trustee , would result in a tax to those parties at the capital gains rate . 
	 4.Example sentence: He was a propagandist - they were n't afraid of the word , then - satirist , nature lover , philosopher , scientist , what you will , a member of every party and of no party . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('share.n.01.share')
Frequency of Synset('share.n.01'): 44  (assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you publicized the cents per hour value of the company 's share of insurance premiums ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . 
	 4.Example sentence: Lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of New Englanders engaged in the slave trade . 

Frequency of Synset('share.n.02'): 12  (any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate)
	 1.Example sentence: The Government , deeming these suggestions inadequate , had urged that any judgment include divestiture of du Pont 's shares of General Motors . 
	 2.Example sentence: The plan called for divestiture by du Pont of its 63000000 shares of General Motors stock by equal annual distributions to its stockholders , as a dividend , over a period of ten years . 
	 3.Example sentence: The annual dividends paid to du Pont stockholders in shares of General Motors stock would be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of du Pont 's earnings and profits . 
	 4.Example sentence: The measure , for federal income tax purposes , of the dividend to individual stockholders would be the fair market value of the shares at the time of each annual distribution . 

Frequency of Synset('contribution.n.01'): 15  (the part played by a person in bringing about a result)
	 1.Example sentence: As a restatement it makes only a small contribution to knowledge of Igbo . 
	 2.Example sentence: the relative contribution to safety of inspection programs embodying - 
	 3.Example sentence: In I have things to do the word things makes little real contribution to meaning and has weaker stress than do . 
	 4.Example sentence: If work is substituted for things ( with more exact contribution to meaning ) , it will have dominant stress . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('compare.v.01.compare')
Frequency of Synset('compare.v.01'): 56  (examine and note the similarities or differences of)
	 1.Example sentence: When did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other sources ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Chapter 8 , is entitled `` On Magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces . 
	 3.Example sentence: This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . 
	 4.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 

Frequency of Synset('compare.v.02'): 12  (be comparable)
	 1.Example sentence: In scope and power it can only be compared to Tolstoy 's War and Peace . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Fisher Body division , long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock , followed an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its purchases from du Pont `` compared favorably '' with purchases by other General Motors divisions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ever since Bambi , and , more recently , Born Free , there have been a lot of books about animals , but few compare with Max Fink 's wry , understated , charming , and immensely readable My Friend , the Quizzical Salamander . 
	 4.Example sentence: The architects do not believe that the education of the interior designer is sufficiently good or sufficiently extended to compare with that of the architect and that , therefore , the interior designer is incapable of understanding the architectural principles involved in planning the interior of a building . 

Frequency of Synset('compare.v.03'): 17  (consider or describe as similar, equal, or analogous)
	 1.Example sentence: Very small concentrations of these hydrides should be detectable ; in interstellar gas , concentrations as low as * * f molecules / * * f may be sufficient , as compared to the * * f hydrogen atoms * * f required for detection of the 21 - cm line . 
	 2.Example sentence: These expenditures are estimated to be $ 12.1 billion , an increase of $ 187 million over 1960 , reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: In order to equate the samples on socioeconomic status , we chose schools in both cities on the basis of socioeconomic status of the neighborhoods . 
	 4.Example sentence: The introduction of the United States Pharmacopoeia reference standard in 1952 and the redefinition and equating of the USP and international units of thyroid stimulating activity have made it possible to compare results published by different investigators since that time . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('present.a.01.present')
Frequency of Synset('present.a.01'): 55  (temporal sense; intermediate between past and future; now existing or happening or in consideration)
	 1.Example sentence: When did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other sources ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 3.Example sentence: Worse , his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before . 
	 4.Example sentence: He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . 

Frequency of Synset('present.a.02'): 39  (being or existing in a specified place)
	 1.Example sentence: With the divinities present and our souls in place , we were wished health , happiness , and power . 
	 2.Example sentence: Present at the scene - in addition to the dead man , who was indeed Louis Thor - had been Thor 's partner Bill Blake , and Antony Rose , an advertising agency executive who handled the ZING account . 
	 3.Example sentence: Neither of them , I understood , had been present at the filming session earlier . 
	 4.Example sentence: Another effect discovered is the large coefficient of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences straddling the nitrogen dissociation region are present . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('source.n.02.source')
Frequency of Synset('beginning.n.04'): 49  (the place where something begins, where it springs into being)
	 1.Example sentence: Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . 
	 2.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 3.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light diatomic hydrides OH and CH ; somewhat less likely sources are the heavier hydrides SH , SiH , and ScH . 

Frequency of Synset('source.n.02'): 12  (a document (or organization) from which information is obtained)
	 1.Example sentence: When did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other sources ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Other sources of information include the National Concrete Masonry Association , 38 South Dearborn Street , Chicago , Ill. , the Portland Cement Association , 33 West Grand Avenue , Chicago , Ill. , and the Structural Clay Products Association , Washington , D. C. . 
	 3.Example sentence: Your local civil defense will gather its own information and will receive broad information from State and Federal sources . 
	 4.Example sentence: ( See Source of Data , below , for per capita income data to be used in this step . ) 

Frequency of Synset('source.n.03'): 13  (anything that provides inspiration for later work)
	 1.Example sentence: Yet , after Rousseau had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the General Will , the same philosophy , it may be said , became the idea source of the French Revolution also . 
	 2.Example sentence: And it is clearly argued by Lord Percy of Newcastle , in his remarkable long essay , The Heresy of Democracy , and in a more general way by Voegelin , in his New Science of Politics , that this same Rousseauan idea , descending through European democracy , is the source of Marx 's theory of the dictatorship of the proletariat . 
	 3.Example sentence: A contrast of the scripture reading of , let us say , St. Augustine , John Bunyan , and Thomas Jefferson , all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment , can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is more difficult with Faulkner than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('help.v.01.aid')
Frequency of Synset('help.v.01'): 233  (give help or assistance; be of service)
	 1.Example sentence: Can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? 
	 3.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 
	 4.Example sentence: The brothers continued to help each other during their studies , sharing a joint purse , lodging together in the dormitory and dining together at the home of their aunt . 

Frequency of Synset('help.v.02'): 24  (improve the condition of)
	 1.Example sentence: Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated . 
	 2.Example sentence: The hired man ran over to help his boss . 
	 3.Example sentence: - Let me help him , for the love of God ! 
	 4.Example sentence: If , however , it would help to intensify your anguish , I can delimit the powers of a few of the divinities you 've affronted and describe the punishment they meted out in one analogous instance . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('conserve.v.02.maintain')
Frequency of Synset('keep.v.01'): 297  (keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,)
	 1.Example sentence: Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . 
	 2.Example sentence: Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 

Frequency of Synset('conserve.v.02'): 47  (keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you try to maintain the principle of employee contributed ( as opposed to fully company paid ) programs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Will your local bus company erect and / or maintain the bus stops at your plant ? 
	 4.Example sentence: William R. Stillwell , an admirable Georgian whose delightful correspondence is preserved in the Georgia Department of Archives and History , liked to tease his wife in his letters . 

Frequency of Synset('sustain.v.04'): 18  (supply with necessities and support)
	 1.Example sentence: Manthey maintained a valuable collection of physical and chemical apparatus which was at Oersted 's disposal during and after his graduation . 
	 2.Example sentence: But Blanche had been able to maintain a serene and assured composure in the face of her widowed mother 's continued carping , had been able to resist her urgings to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of matrimony . 
	 3.Example sentence: But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths . 
	 4.Example sentence: This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says Pasley , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` Belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' . 

Frequency of Synset('assert.v.01'): 28  (state categorically)
	 1.Example sentence: The Court 's opinion dogmatically asserts that the husband wife conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship , and that hence the doctrine `` enthrone [ s ] an unreality into a rule of law '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: This he failed to do , asserting that he did not know it to be in his file . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still another boy asserted : `` To be a good Jew is to do no wrong ; it 's to be a good person '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: When we assert the value of such study , we find ourselves committed to an important assumption . 

Frequency of Synset('wield.v.01'): 13  (have and exercise)
	 1.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 3.Example sentence: But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was not opposed to either justice or morality ; it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('contribute.v.02.contribute')
Frequency of Synset('lend.v.01'): 56  (bestow a quality on)
	 1.Example sentence: As a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion . 
	 2.Example sentence: This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design . 
	 3.Example sentence: They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition . 

Frequency of Synset('contribute.v.02'): 28  (contribute to some cause)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you try to maintain the principle of employee contributed ( as opposed to fully company paid ) programs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Bureau contributed to the planning and success of the Symposium through the efforts of Mr. W. A. Wildhack , General Chairman , and Dr. C. M. Herzfeld , Program Chairman . 

Frequency of Synset('contribute.v.03'): 22  (be conducive to)
	 1.Example sentence: Several factors contributed to this change . 
	 2.Example sentence: A number of other nineteenth century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; that is , from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states . 
	 3.Example sentence: Her impact in the ZING commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series , Underwater Western Eye , a documentary type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits . 
	 4.Example sentence: How could supplying Eichmann with a platform on which to maintain that one could collaborate in the murder of millions of Jews without being an anti-Semite contribute to a verdict against anti-Semitism ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('oppose.v.03.oppose')
Frequency of Synset('oppose.v.01'): 23  (be against; express opposition to)
	 1.Example sentence: He again stated that he was `` a regular minister '' ; that he was `` devoting an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching publicly '' , in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other ministerial duties , and that he opposed war in any form . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Istiqlal sponsored U.M.C.I.A. ( L'Union Marocaine des Commercants , Industrialistes et Artisans ) was opposed by candidates of the new U.N.F.P. ( L'Union National des Forces Populaires ) in nearly all urban centers . 
	 3.Example sentence: He 's telling them now to write letters to their Congressmen opposing the disarmament of Germany ' . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was not even in writing Latin epigrams , sometimes bawdy ones , or in translating Lucian from Greek into Latin or in defending the study of Greek against the attack of conservative academics , or in attacking the conservative theologians who opposed Erasmus 's philological study of the New Testament . 

Frequency of Synset('fight.v.02'): 45  (fight against or resist strongly)
	 1.Example sentence: Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mission to the metropolis contradicts survival of the congregation in the residential community , because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependence with residential exclusion . 
	 3.Example sentence: He fought down the impulse to rush in and collar the vicious puncher on the spot . 
	 4.Example sentence: For internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('requirement.n.01.requirement')
Frequency of Synset('requirement.n.01'): 25  (required activity)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you protect your holiday privileges with an attendance requirement both before and after the holiday ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 3.Example sentence: Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation . 
	 4.Example sentence: While the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer 's report be placed in the registrant 's file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 . 

Frequency of Synset('necessity.n.02'): 25  (anything indispensable)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you studied the caliber and sales approaches of your sales force in relation to requirements for effective marketing ? 
	 2.Example sentence: I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity . 
	 3.Example sentence: Within a few years various du Pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of General Motors ' eight operating divisions . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The fact that sticks out in this voluminous record is that the bulk of du Pont 's production has always supplied the largest part of the requirements of the one customer in the automobile industry connected to du Pont by a stock interest . 

Frequency of Synset('prerequisite.n.01'): 11  (something that is required in advance)
	 1.Example sentence: Under pressure from parents , the majority of Brooklyn College girls major in education since that co-ordinates best with marriage plans - limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most marketing people agree it is going to take redoubled efforts to satisfy future requirements . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would propose , next , as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists , items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the vulnerable areas of the Pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on exposed coasts , or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('plan.v.01.plan')
Frequency of Synset('plan.v.01'): 41  (have the will and intention to carry out some action)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and / or industrial patterns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 
	 3.Example sentence: On Big Stone Lake near the headwaters of the Red River , Robert Dickson , Superintendent of the Western Indian Department of Canada , had a trading post and planned in 1818 to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces . 
	 4.Example sentence: If you plan to sell fresh vegetables or whole milk , for example , you should be close to a town or city . 

Frequency of Synset('plan.v.02'): 26  (make plans for something)
	 1.Example sentence: The sweat broke out on Mr. Skyros ' forehead as he realized he had been actually thinking - hoping - planning - perhaps - 
	 2.Example sentence: She had it all planned out , how she 'd do . 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you examined these trends , forecast the effects , and planned your marketing strategy to compete effectively under changing circumstances ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Considering the high cost of the F-108 system - over $ 4 billion for the force that had been planned - and the time period in which it would become operational , it was decided to stop further work on the project . 

Frequency of Synset('plan.v.03'): 50  (make or work out a plan for; devise)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you examined these trends , forecast the effects , and planned your marketing strategy to compete effectively under changing circumstances ? 
	 2.Example sentence: She would n't be wilfully planning his destruction . 
	 3.Example sentence: It can project long-range goals for itself . 
	 4.Example sentence: He seemed very pleased with himself , as though some intricate scheme was working out exactly as he had planned . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('limit.v.02.limit')
Frequency of Synset('restrict.v.03'): 39  (place limits on (extent or access))
	 1.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 2.Example sentence: However likely it was , Pauling said , he could n't limit himself to it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially `` limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 

Frequency of Synset('limit.v.02'): 11  (restrict or confine,)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and / or industrial patterns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Would it be feasible to limit the menu in order to reduce feeding costs ? 
	 3.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 4.Example sentence: But the historian of literature need not confine his attention to biography or to stylistic questions of form , `` texture '' , or technique . 

Frequency of Synset('specify.v.02'): 33  (decide upon or fix definitely)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? 
	 2.Example sentence: When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 4.Example sentence: The commands are specified by the military regulations ; are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('area.n.01.area')
Frequency of Synset('area.n.01'): 149  (a particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually serving some special purpose or distinguished by its people or culture or geography))
	 1.Example sentence: Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and / or industrial patterns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: After three weeks ' swift sailing , however , the ship entered an area of shallow marshes and river deltas . 
	 3.Example sentence: They spread over an area no larger than Oregon ; yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonians . 
	 4.Example sentence: Two uniformed officers , a couple of plain-clothesmen I knew , and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left . 

Frequency of Synset('area.n.02'): 27  (a subject of study)
	 1.Example sentence: These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas . 
	 2.Example sentence: Here are some key areas to examine to make sure your pricing strategy will be on target : 
	 3.Example sentence: Has your company thought through its strategy in this whole `` discretionary buying '' area ? 
	 4.Example sentence: In the area of private label competition , it is logical to expect a continuation of trends which have been under way during the first decade . 

Frequency of Synset('area.n.03'): 25  (a part of an animal that has a special function or is supplied by a given artery or nerve)
	 1.Example sentence: Drs. Howry and Holmes at the University of Colorado Medical School have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have obtained extremely good results . 
	 2.Example sentence: As mentioned before , bone reflects the sound energy and in Fig. 7 the portion of the spine shows as the black area in the center . 
	 3.Example sentence: Second , the upper portion permits comparison of maturity levels of an equal number of growth centers from the long , short , and round bones of the five regions . 
	 4.Example sentence: The lower portion permits comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones predominantly , since only two long bones are included in Hand and Wrist as a region . 

Frequency of Synset('sphere.n.01'): 28  (a particular environment or walk of life)
	 1.Example sentence: Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment , except for a lucky few . 
	 4.Example sentence: Similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('practice.n.01.pattern')
Frequency of Synset('form.n.03'): 67  (a perceptual structure)
	 1.Example sentence: This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book , `` A Hero 's Funeral '' , written in the form of an impassioned prose poem . 
	 2.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 3.Example sentence: The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form . 

Frequency of Synset('practice.n.01'): 45  (a customary way of operation or behavior)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and / or industrial patterns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices . 
	 3.Example sentence: In one debate he supported the freedom of judgment as opposed to dogma , in another he held that the practice of science was in fact an act of religious worship . 
	 4.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 

Frequency of Synset('design.n.04'): 11  (a decorative or artistic work)
	 1.Example sentence: Square corner - and gate posts were an open-work pattern of cast-iron foliage ; they were topped by steeples complete in every detail : high pitched roof , pinnacle , and narrow gable . 
	 2.Example sentence: What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration , integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form ; color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; and that over all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the artist would study his work more thoroughly and move certain units in his design , often only slightly , finer pictures would result . 
	 4.Example sentence: These areas by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . 

Frequency of Synset('convention.n.02'): 26  (something regarded as a normative example)
	 1.Example sentence: In a mobile society , congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment ; this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation - like elements will have to be assimilated . 
	 2.Example sentence: Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; once the pool of recruits diminishes , the congregation is helpless - friendly contacts no longer keep it going . 
	 3.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('investigate.v.01.investigate')
Frequency of Synset('investigate.v.01'): 16  (investigate scientifically)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , he made a mental note to look into Garth 's financial background . 
	 3.Example sentence: This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated , although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient specialists of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss , for example , in precision machinery and mathematics , or the Finns in geochemistry . 
	 4.Example sentence: This problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis . 

Frequency of Synset('investigate.v.02'): 11  (conduct an inquiry or investigation of)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to make Jess talk , and he had to do it before Stacey Black got curious and came to investigate . 
	 2.Example sentence: Today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases , but his primary function remains what it has always been , to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whatever his original assignment , the fictional private eye ends up by investigating and solving a crime , usually a murder . 
	 4.Example sentence: Once Todman thought he had spotted a tank and went down to investigate while Greg covered him . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('possibility.n.04.possibility')
Frequency of Synset('possibility.n.01'): 17  (a future prospect or potential)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are there possibilities of having cafeteria help work part-time on custodial or other jobs ? 
	 3.Example sentence: They must do something with the acquiescence of the latter , or some of them , which amounts to an acceptance of the law in its entirety beyond all possibility of misconstruction '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The possibilities in the consonantal system are very numerous , and only a small portion of them are actually used . 

Frequency of Synset('possibility.n.02'): 18  (capability of existing or happening or being true)
	 1.Example sentence: It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is done for simplicity of commands and to bring the hidden redundancy up to where misunderstanding has almost zero possibility . 
	 3.Example sentence: By contrast , even experienced linguists commonly know no more of the range of possibilities in tone systems than the over-simple distinction between register and contour languages . 
	 4.Example sentence: This would heighten possibilities for part-time cooperative , on-the-job and extension training . 

Frequency of Synset('hypothesis.n.02'): 29  (a tentative insight into the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena)
	 1.Example sentence: They discussed this possibility . 
	 2.Example sentence: He would offer no theory to account for her murder . 
	 3.Example sentence: According to the new theories , the nineteenth century corporate sovereign was `` sovereign '' in a quite new and different sense from his historical predecessors . 
	 4.Example sentence: He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('move.v.02.move')
Frequency of Synset('travel.v.01'): 375  (change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically)
	 1.Example sentence: He thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth . 
	 2.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1800 , Manthey went abroad and Oersted was appointed manager of the Lion Pharmacy . 
	 4.Example sentence: A third remarked of slowness of Southerners : `` They moved about from corner to corner , as uneasy as a litter of hungry leaches on the neck of a wooden god '' . 

Frequency of Synset('move.v.02'): 52  (cause to move or shift into a new position or place, both in a concrete and in an abstract sense)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The lieutenant eyed Gun 's reflection in the mirror over the washbowl and then glanced back at his own face , moving the comb methodically around his head . 
	 3.Example sentence: He moved the flights over against one wall . 
	 4.Example sentence: If the artist would study his work more thoroughly and move certain units in his design , often only slightly , finer pictures would result . 

Frequency of Synset('move.v.03'): 43  (move so as to change position, perform a nontranslational motion)
	 1.Example sentence: We could see maggots moving . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Well , that 's your business , Mr. Skyros '' , said Angie , and his dreamy eyes moved past Mr. Skyros ' shoulder to gaze vaguely out the ground glass window . 
	 3.Example sentence: He moved up and lifted Jess 's pistol out of its holster . 
	 4.Example sentence: As it was , his vision blurred and for a moment he was unable to move . 

Frequency of Synset('move.v.04'): 20  (change residence, affiliation, or place of employment)
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Blatz had been at least sober enough to remember to telephone and he turned out to be the greatest boon that had come into Mr. Crombie 's life since he moved to Highfield , in spite of the fact that he did n't work very fast or very long at a time , and he did n't like to work at all unless Mr. Crombie hung around and talked to him . 
	 2.Example sentence: And you wonder if that is why the little man lost his job and his car and stayed drunk about a year before he straightened out and moved to St. Louis , where he got to be a big unhappy success . 
	 3.Example sentence: As these Swiss were moving from the Selkirk settlement to become the first civilian residents of Minnesota , Dousman of Michilimackinac , Michigan , and Prairie du Chien was traveling to Red River to open a trade in merchandise . 
	 4.Example sentence: Accordingly Selkirk 's agents ordered the settlers to move north , and by October , John Halkett had torn down both posts , floating the timber to `` the Forks '' in rafts . 

Frequency of Synset('go.v.02'): 107  (follow a procedure or take a course)
	 1.Example sentence: Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe - say a liberal retirement plan - and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . 
	 2.Example sentence: Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . 
	 3.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Go through his pockets , will you ? 

Frequency of Synset('act.v.01'): 38  (perform an action, or work out or perform (an action))
	 1.Example sentence: They seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new . 
	 2.Example sentence: If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: What I am suggesting is that when we delay , or when we fail to act , we do so intentionally and not through inadvertence or through bureaucratic or procedural difficulties . 
	 4.Example sentence: Can the President or the Secretary act under existing authority , or will new legislation and new money be required ? 

Frequency of Synset('affect.v.05'): 26  (have an emotional or cognitive impact upon)
	 1.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had n't struck him as ready to seek anyone 's advise , least of all Garth 's . 
	 2.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 3.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 4.Example sentence: The primary quality of that view seems , now , to have been its quietness , but that cannot at the time have impressed us . 

Frequency of Synset('motivate.v.01'): 14  (give an incentive for action)
	 1.Example sentence: His cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present . 
	 2.Example sentence: My wish to meet Samuel Beckett had been prompted by simple curiosity and interest in his work . 
	 3.Example sentence: It takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger unities of power and influence and to view one 's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern , devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection . 
	 4.Example sentence: A related question is whether unemployed workers can be motivated to take the training provided . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('back.r.04.back')
Frequency of Synset('back.r.01'): 84  (in or to or toward a former location)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1602 , George Waymouth , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 3.Example sentence: The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England . 
	 4.Example sentence: One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . 

Frequency of Synset('back.r.02'): 37  (at or to or toward the back or rear)
	 1.Example sentence: A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . 
	 2.Example sentence: Curt circled the house and located a barn out back . 
	 3.Example sentence: As he crossed to the side of the stall , Curt drew his gun and clicked back the hammer . 
	 4.Example sentence: He moved back to the wheel and stood there blowing , grasping the top of a spoke to still the trembling of his played-out limbs . 

Frequency of Synset('back.r.03'): 22  (in or to or toward an original condition)
	 1.Example sentence: He did not , however , settle back into acquiescence with things as they were . 
	 2.Example sentence: The soaking will put life back in the wagon , too '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: He sputtered back to his feet and scrambled madly to pull his bags of seed grain forward . 
	 4.Example sentence: Has not that way been lit always by the lamp of liberalism up until the turning back under Eisenhower ? 

Frequency of Synset('back.r.04'): 15  (in or to or toward a past time)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Here , too , the cause to hate lay well back in the years . 
	 3.Example sentence: And I done favors for you , big favor not so long back , did n't I , and I 'm right here to take on where Pretty left off . 
	 4.Example sentence: All just by chance , and in a way tracing back to poor Frank , all of it , because naturally - brothers , living together - and Angie - 

Frequency of Synset('back.r.05'): 13  (in reply)
	 1.Example sentence: Katya Roslev , who would be Katharine Ross so very soon now , rang up her first sale of the day and counted back the change . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Roger , Sweeney '' , Todman called back , and pulled his four in and slightly above Greg . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would have foregone my romantic chances rather than leave a friend sweltering and dusty and - Well , at least I would n't have shouted back a taunt . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Hell , yes '' , I roared back between dusty lips . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('time.n.01.time')
Frequency of Synset('time.n.01'): 195  (an instance or single occasion for some event)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Unions stress fringe benefits , but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time . 
	 4.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 

Frequency of Synset('time.n.02'): 151  (a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something)
	 1.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times , and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer . 
	 3.Example sentence: For a time the President received hundreds of them every day , most of them worthless . 
	 4.Example sentence: This agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals . 

Frequency of Synset('time.n.03'): 76  (an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities))
	 1.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whereas the eighteenth century had been a time in which man sought justice , the nineteenth and twentieth have been centuries in which men are satisfied with law . 
	 3.Example sentence: After the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king degenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous . 
	 4.Example sentence: Han 's student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent . 

Frequency of Synset('time.n.04'): 36  (a suitable moment)
	 1.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; to Brian Thayer , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker 's employ at the time of the latter 's death . 
	 3.Example sentence: Time to go , I supposed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then on Monday morning - or it might have to be Tuesday - get up and leave just the usual time , and last thing , put the money in an envelope under the old woman 's purse there in the drawer . 

Frequency of Synset('time.n.05'): 35  (the continuum of experience in which events pass from the future through the present to the past)
	 1.Example sentence: Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks . 
	 2.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 3.Example sentence: Was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed ? 
	 4.Example sentence: In the first of these sentences if by is the complement of come and Tuesday is an adjunct of time equivalent to on Tuesday , there will be strong stress on by in the spoken language ; but if a complement for come is implied and by Tuesday is a prepositional unit used as an adjunct , by will be unstressed or lightly stressed at most . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('certain.a.02.certain')
Frequency of Synset('certain.s.01'): 119  (definite but not specified or identified)
	 1.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . 
	 3.Example sentence: With troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground , it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the same vein , a certain short-story plot has been overworked . 

Frequency of Synset('certain.a.02'): 57  (having or feeling no doubt or uncertainty; confident and assured)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Of only one could he be sure - young John Hudson , his second son . 
	 3.Example sentence: There had been a good second or two during which my muffler had been blowing out , and now I was certain I 'd seen her somewhere before . 
	 4.Example sentence: But I 'm sure the other one was Lou '' . 

Frequency of Synset('certain.s.07'): 22  (exercising or taking care great enough to bring assurance)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 4.Example sentence: Make sure you do n't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('watch.v.02.watch')
Frequency of Synset('watch.v.01'): 74  (look attentively)
	 1.Example sentence: Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope waning by the moment . 
	 2.Example sentence: And Carla , watching in wonder , turned to Sam . 
	 3.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he did n't like to disclose his ignorance . 

Frequency of Synset('watch.v.02'): 56  (follow with the eyes or the mind)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . 
	 3.Example sentence: Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope waning by the moment . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You do n't have to watch what you say . 

Frequency of Synset('watch.v.03'): 57  (see or watch)
	 1.Example sentence: In fact , I was watching you on that little seventeen inch screen when you rang my bell . 
	 2.Example sentence: The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and did n't want - heaven knew did n't want ! 
	 3.Example sentence: During much of the fifteen mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east . 
	 4.Example sentence: I saw `` Fiorello ! '' performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good , and perhaps better . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.08'): 26  (find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('day.n.01.day')
Frequency of Synset('day.n.01'): 163  (time for Earth to make a complete rotation on its axis)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 3.Example sentence: I lived in this onward driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: From Go ^ ttingen ( 1801 ) where he stayed for 10 days , he wrote , `` The first question asked everywhere is about galvanism . 

Frequency of Synset('day.n.02'): 67  (some point or period in time)
	 1.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: Han 's student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent . 
	 3.Example sentence: She had some amusing scandal about the Farneses in the old days . 
	 4.Example sentence: All the ideologies changing from day to day , right under his eyes , so how could a man look to any one of them for an enlargement of his freedom ? 

Frequency of Synset('day.n.03'): 54  (a day assigned to a particular purpose or observance)
	 1.Example sentence: Just as thousands that day in Portugal had seen the sun dancing in the sky , he had seen the same thing later in his own garden , and she turned to Agnese for confirmation . 
	 2.Example sentence: On that first day , Blanche literally thought she was going to die , or , at the very least , go out of her mind . 
	 3.Example sentence: Or someone had taken it during her first day at Honotassa . 
	 4.Example sentence: a lighted lamp stood on the table that dusky , drizzling day . 

Frequency of Synset('day.n.04'): 35  (the time after sunrise and before sunset while it is light outside)
	 1.Example sentence: To get it out into the daylight 's glow Is my life 's aim both first and last , the whole . 
	 2.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: Perhaps the Jewish students at Brooklyn College - constituting 85 per cent of those who attend the day session - can serve as a paradigm of the urban , lower middle class Jewish student . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was a cold , windy day , the day after Kitti 's death , but Stanley Gilborn paid no attention to the blustery October wind . 

Frequency of Synset('day.n.05'): 11  (the recurring hours when you are not sleeping (especially those when you are working))
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Hohlbein was out for the day , but Mr. Garth would be free at one-thirty . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was a spleen crushing day . 
	 3.Example sentence: We did it for three days . 
	 4.Example sentence: Katya Roslev , who would be Katharine Ross so very soon now , rang up her first sale of the day and counted back the change . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('operation.n.01.operation')
Frequency of Synset('operation.n.01'): 12  (the state of being in effect or being operative)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant . 
	 3.Example sentence: We assume that average total unit cost in the relevant region of operation is constant with respect to quantity produced ( the average cost curve is horizontal , and therefore is identical with the marginal cost curve ) , and is the same for every firm ( and therefore for the industry ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: At this time of crisis in our Nation 's commuter railroads , a new threat to the continued operations of the New York Central has appeared in the form of the Chesapeake + Ohio Railroad 's proposal for control of the Baltimore + Ohio railroads . 

Frequency of Synset('operation.n.02'): 11  (a business especially one run on a large scale)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in plant feeding operation ? 
	 4.Example sentence: recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; 

Frequency of Synset('operation.n.07'): 17  (a process or series of acts especially of a practical or mechanical nature involved in a particular form of work)
	 1.Example sentence: They will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: It 's too bad I did n't call you , and it 's too bad I let Schaeffer use Accacia when he could have had a boy who 'd be glad to learn something of Homicide procedure . 
	 4.Example sentence: But his hands and those of Donovan moved automatically adjusting and arranging in the check-out procedure . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('number.n.01.number')
Frequency of Synset('number.n.01'): 129  (the property possessed by a sum or total or indefinite quantity of units or individuals)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Can vacations be spaced throughout the 12 months to minimize the number of employee fill-ins ? 

Frequency of Synset('number.n.02'): 63  (a concept of quantity involving zero and units)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 
	 3.Example sentence: It will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors , h and e have six , and p has only one , while the remaining points have intermediate numbers . 
	 4.Example sentence: The commands are specified by the military regulations ; are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('people.n.01.people')
Frequency of Synset('people.n.01'): 253  ((plural) any group of human beings (men or women or children) collectively)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Old people have their idiosyncrasies '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially `` limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The soldiers who comprised the rank and file of the Civil War armies were an earthy people . 

Frequency of Synset('citizenry.n.01'): 25  (the body of citizens of a state or country)
	 1.Example sentence: His cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hence the title of the book , referring to the soldiers and subjects of the king ; on the fatal battlefield of Poltava , to quote from the novel , `` the wreath he twined for himself slipped down upon his people '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Almost nothing is said of Charles ' spectacular victories , the central theme being the heroic loyalty of the Swedish people to their idolized king in misfortune and defeat . 
	 4.Example sentence: All his people ask for is no more war . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('so.r.02.so')
Frequency of Synset('so.r.01'): 306  (to a very great extent or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden regretted not being able to find fault with so true a statement . 
	 2.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 3.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 4.Example sentence: Historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations . 

Frequency of Synset('so.r.02'): 75  (in a manner that facilitates)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . 
	 3.Example sentence: And so deadheads on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You might as well wait here while I 'm gone , so you can use my shower if you 'd like '' . 

Frequency of Synset('so.r.03'): 65  (in such a condition or manner, especially as expressed or implied)
	 1.Example sentence: On the second voyage , he had turned back at the frozen island of Novaya Zemlya and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will - which was obviously not the case . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not so , he answers , it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal . 
	 3.Example sentence: Gustaf Vasa is a superb example , and Charles 10 , , the conqueror of Denmark , hardly less so . 
	 4.Example sentence: Alas , so it almost proved for us , too . 

Frequency of Synset('thus.r.02'): 45  (in the way indicated; ; ; (`thusly' is a nonstandard variant))
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin 's funeral . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 4.Example sentence: Private international law ( which Americans call the `` conflict of laws '' ) was thus segregated from international law proper , or , as it is often called , public international law . 

Frequency of Synset('then.r.01'): 297  (subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors))
	 1.Example sentence: He scooped up the receiver and said , `` Police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` Oh yes , Mr. Benson . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the first three weeks , the ship skirted up the east coast of Great Britain , then turned westward . 
	 4.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 

Frequency of Synset('therefore.r.01'): 200  ((used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that fact or reason or as a result)
	 1.Example sentence: The blue-collar worker thus knows his insurance package , for example , costs $ 227.72 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus the Congress marks a formal recognition of the political system that was central to world politics for a century . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 

Frequency of Synset('indeed.r.01'): 62  (in truth (often tends to intensify))
	 1.Example sentence: Indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . 
	 2.Example sentence: Indeed , contract was the dominant legal theme of the century , the touchstone of the free society . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did Byron 's Childe Harold . 
	 4.Example sentence: Indeed , no richer humor is to be found in the whole of American literature than in the letters of the semi-literate men who wore the blue and the gray . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('replace.v.01.replace')
Frequency of Synset('replace.v.01'): 24  (substitute a person or thing for (another that is broken or inefficient or lost or no longer working or yielding what is expected))
	 1.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you use parking attendants , can they be replaced by automatic parking gates ? 
	 3.Example sentence: If you provide inter plant transportation , can this be replaced by available public transportation ? 
	 4.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 

Frequency of Synset('supplant.v.01'): 21  (take the place or move into the position of)
	 1.Example sentence: Contract - conceived as the free bargain of formal equals - replaced the implied obligations of a more static and status conscious society . 
	 2.Example sentence: First and foremost , vocational courses should not replace courses which are essential parts of the required academic program for graduation . 
	 3.Example sentence: All artistic and mythological representations , therefore , are `` imitations of imitations '' and are completely superseded by the truth value of `` dialectic '' , the proper use of the inquiring intellect . 
	 4.Example sentence: If women replaced people , it would normally have dominant stress . 

Frequency of Synset('substitute.v.01'): 19  (put in the place of another; switch seemingly equivalent items)
	 1.Example sentence: Are there other , cheaper communications techniques that could be substituted ? 
	 2.Example sentence: For example , the Friday after Thanksgiving can be substituted for Washington 's birthday . 
	 3.Example sentence: If work is substituted for things ( with more exact contribution to meaning ) , it will have dominant stress . 
	 4.Example sentence: Had Hoijer substituted for his 15 adjectival slots 15 good animal and plant items , his rate of stem replacement would have been lower and the age of Athabascan language separation smaller . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('operate.v.01.operate')
Frequency of Synset('operate.v.01'): 53  (direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . 
	 3.Example sentence: establish and operate necessary facilities and test sites at which to carry on the continuous research , testing , development , and programming necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Act ; 
	 4.Example sentence: The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved . 

Frequency of Synset('function.v.01'): 69  (perform as expected when applied)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 
	 3.Example sentence: Where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention . 
	 4.Example sentence: They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . 

Frequency of Synset('operate.v.03'): 21  (handle and cause to function)
	 1.Example sentence: - Expenditures for operating and maintaining the stations and equipment of the Armed Forces are estimated to be $ 10.3 billion in 1961 , which is $ 184 million more than in 1960 . 
	 2.Example sentence: The great absorbency of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the watercolorist . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` See , Argiento , if you control the way these folds are bunched , like this , or made to flow , you can enrich the body attitudes . 
	 4.Example sentence: All samplers were operated for a period of two hours except one , which was operated for four hours . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('entirely.r.02.only')
Frequency of Synset('merely.r.01'): 443  (and nothing more)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . 
	 3.Example sentence: Above all , do n't set up extravagant fringe benefits just to buy employee good will . 
	 4.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 

Frequency of Synset('entirely.r.02'): 258  (without any others being included or involved)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . 
	 4.Example sentence: Of only one could he be sure - young John Hudson , his second son . 

Frequency of Synset('only.r.03'): 12  (with nevertheless the final result)
	 1.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 2.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 3.Example sentence: They survive only when they can recruit social and economic peers . 
	 4.Example sentence: Only across a distance of time could the epic accounting begin . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('check.v.01.check')
Frequency of Synset('check.v.01'): 27  (examine so as to determine accuracy, quality, or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check your cafeteria location to make sure it 's convenient for most employees . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nevertheless , he made a mental note to look into Garth 's financial background . 

Frequency of Synset('see.v.10'): 48  (be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something)
	 1.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 4.Example sentence: He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess 's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside . 

Frequency of Synset('control.v.02'): 28  (lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits)
	 1.Example sentence: These were to be kept on , to hold in the 32 souls . 
	 2.Example sentence: But both were high-spirited and vivacious , both had tempers to control , both loved languages , especially English and German , both were good teachers and wrote for publication . 
	 3.Example sentence: Distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties - and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The trouble with you '' , old man Arthur began , and then checked himself . 

Frequency of Synset('match.v.01'): 33  (be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , 1745 corresponded to the invention of the `` Leiden '' jar by Kleist , 1764 that of the electrophorus by Wilcke , 1782 produced the condenser of Volta , and 1801 the voltaic pile . 
	 2.Example sentence: The voice is light in timbre , with a rough edge that corresponds to his visage . 
	 3.Example sentence: His second conclusion , on semantic word classes , agrees with mine . 
	 4.Example sentence: Its terms will tend to be labile or vague , and they will fit actual languages more and more badly . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.08'): 26  (find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('save.v.02.save')
Frequency of Synset('salvage.v.01'): 42  (save from ruin, destruction, or harm)
	 1.Example sentence: He poured the water off the sourdough and off the flour , salvaging the chunky , watery messes for biscuits of a sort . 
	 2.Example sentence: Now the detective must save his own skin by informing on the girl he loves , who is also the real murderer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Because the private eye intends to save society in spite of himself , he invariably finds himself in trouble with the police . 
	 4.Example sentence: In order to save the mystery story , they have converted the private detective into an organization man . 

Frequency of Synset('save.v.02'): 24  (to keep up and reserve for personal or special use)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: You may save valuable production minutes with a change . 
	 3.Example sentence: He found a jar of preserved tomatoes and one of eggs that they had meant to save . 
	 4.Example sentence: The address * * f and the number of cells required to store the form are written in * * f ; the information cell * * f is saved to represent the text occurrence . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('assistant.n.01.help')
Frequency of Synset('aid.n.02'): 56  (the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Call this a cry for help '' , Faith Constable said . 
	 3.Example sentence: Upon such sale , there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale . 
	 4.Example sentence: Kitti had come into the office , on somebody 's recommendation , because she needed help in preparing her income tax return . 

Frequency of Synset('aid.n.01'): 14  (a resource)
	 1.Example sentence: They supplemented their income by small government assistance , by tutoring and economizing wherever they could . 
	 2.Example sentence: John , an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics , headed the rural development division of USOM , the United States Operations Mission administering U. S. aid . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Holy Father would die soon , she said to Carla , so she could translate for Sam , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: Federal assistance is limited to half of the total expenditure , and the state or local districts must pay at least half . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('work.v.02.work')
Frequency of Synset('work.v.01'): 70  (exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity)
	 1.Example sentence: Make sure you do n't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working . 
	 2.Example sentence: Require each employee to work his last shift both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay . 
	 3.Example sentence: By no means would we discourage the production of ideas : they provide raw materials with which to work ; they provide stimulations that lead to further production . 
	 4.Example sentence: She did n't mind working hard , not as if she figured to do anything wrong to live easy and soft - all she wanted was a chance , where she was n't marked as what she was . 

Frequency of Synset('work.v.02'): 62  (be employed)
	 1.Example sentence: Are there possibilities of having cafeteria help work part-time on custodial or other jobs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained first-aid man who works full-time on some other assignment ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation . 
	 4.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 

Frequency of Synset('work.v.03'): 32  (have an effect or outcome; often the one desired or expected)
	 1.Example sentence: Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . 
	 2.Example sentence: Some forms of capitalism do indeed work - superb organizations , a credit to any society . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is possible , although highly doubtful , that he killed none at all but merely let his reputation work for him by privately claiming every unsolved murder in the state . 
	 4.Example sentence: It never worked , naturally ; but it made her look unusual . 

Frequency of Synset('function.v.01'): 69  (perform as expected when applied)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 
	 3.Example sentence: Where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention . 
	 4.Example sentence: They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . 

Frequency of Synset('exercise.v.03'): 12  (give a workout to)
	 1.Example sentence: Criminals , as well as model citizens , exercise their minds . 
	 2.Example sentence: We 'll work out about an hour on Saturday , then we 'll work Monday and Tuesday of next week , then taper off '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Most Europeans have been exercising newborn infants for centuries . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: Henri has always had shapely legs from swimming and water skiing and really does n't have to work them very much . 

Frequency of Synset('bring.v.03'): 33  (cause to happen or to occur as a consequence)
	 1.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 2.Example sentence: Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Makes for confusion and congestion '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The partners each bring to it unselfish love , and each takes away an equal share of pleasure and joy . 

Frequency of Synset('influence.v.01'): 19  (have and exert influence or effect)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World - the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated - the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America - the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso - the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art - the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you following competition willy-nilly - trying to match dollar for dollar - or are you experimenting with new means for reaching and influencing consumers ? 
	 4.Example sentence: It is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or interpenetrate one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight . 

Frequency of Synset('shape.v.02'): 15  (make something, usually for a specific function)
	 1.Example sentence: In the absence of additions to the homogenate , the product formed is an iodinated particulate protein ( Fawcett and Kirkwood , 1953 ; Taurog , Potter and Chaikoff , 1955 ; Taurog , Potter , Tong , and Chaikoff , 1956 ; Serif and Kirkwood , 1958 ; De Groot and Carvalho , 1960 ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: In addition , the iodoamino acid formed in largest quantity in the intact thyroid is di-iodotyrosine . 
	 3.Example sentence: If tyrosine and a system generating hydrogen peroxide are added to a cell-free homogenate of the thyroid , large quantities of free mono-iodotyrosine can be formed ( Alexander , 1959 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: The mono - and di-iodotyrosine must be coupled to form tri-iodothyronine and thyroxine . 

Frequency of Synset('solve.v.01'): 33  (find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of)
	 1.Example sentence: But is the result new barnsful of tested knowledge on the basis of which we can with confidence solve our domestic and international problems ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He studied the problem for a few seconds and thought of a means by which it might be solved . 
	 3.Example sentence: Need for service is here to stay - and the problem is going to be tougher to solve in the sixties . 
	 4.Example sentence: Whatever his original assignment , the fictional private eye ends up by investigating and solving a crime , usually a murder . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('job.n.02.job')
Frequency of Synset('occupation.n.01'): 97  (the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money)
	 1.Example sentence: Would early retirement of non-productive , disabled employees reduce the number of make-work jobs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Younger men usually do n't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they 're liable to change jobs several times before settling down . 

Frequency of Synset('job.n.02'): 50  (a specific piece of work required to be done as a duty or for a specific fee)
	 1.Example sentence: Are there possibilities of having cafeteria help work part-time on custodial or other jobs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters ' sons to retain in camp Negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , when there 's a job to be done , I 'm a monstrosity of grim determination , I like to think . 
	 4.Example sentence: The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation . 

Frequency of Synset('problem.n.01'): 145  (a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Not your problem , of course , unless Johnston and the murderer are one and the same '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 
	 3.Example sentence: Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . 
	 4.Example sentence: Not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as undersea warfare , where the surveillance , sending , transmitting , and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the bottlenecks . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('relieve.v.01.relieve')
Frequency of Synset('relieve.v.01'): 11  (provide physical relief, as from pain)
	 1.Example sentence: Can staggered lunch periods relieve the capacity strain on your feeding facilities ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Vending machines can alleviate the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hell 's own amount of chaulmoogra oil did nothing to alleviate their torment ; they expired amid indescribable fantods , imploring the Blessed One to forgive their desecration . 
	 4.Example sentence: For a serious young man who plays golf with a serious intensity , Palmer has such an inherent sense of humor that it relieves the strain and keeps his nerves from jangling like banjo strings . 

Frequency of Synset('salvage.v.01'): 42  (save from ruin, destruction, or harm)
	 1.Example sentence: He poured the water off the sourdough and off the flour , salvaging the chunky , watery messes for biscuits of a sort . 
	 2.Example sentence: Now the detective must save his own skin by informing on the girl he loves , who is also the real murderer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Because the private eye intends to save society in spite of himself , he invariably finds himself in trouble with the police . 
	 4.Example sentence: In order to save the mystery story , they have converted the private detective into an organization man . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('space.n.03.space')
Frequency of Synset('space.n.01'): 22  (the unlimited expanse in which everything is located)
	 1.Example sentence: Experience is not seen , as it is in classical rationalism , as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character , movements , and changes on the tabula rasa of an uninvolved intellect . 
	 2.Example sentence: Rather than being deceived , the eye is puzzled ; instead of seeing objects in space , it sees nothing more than - a picture . 
	 3.Example sentence: Planes defined as parallel to the surface also cut through it into real space , and a depth is suggested optically which is greater than that established pictorially . 
	 4.Example sentence: All this expands the oscillation between surface and depth so as to encompass fictive space in front of the surface as well as behind it . 

Frequency of Synset('space.n.03'): 12  (an area reserved for some particular purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He drove into the paved space before the garage and got out , slamming the car door . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the center of any open space remaining our grandfathers had planted syringa and sweet shrub , snowball , rose-of-Sharon and balm-of-Gilead . 
	 4.Example sentence: The outside 4 - inch space is filled by mortaring blocks on edge . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('discussion.n.01.discussion')
Frequency of Synset('discussion.n.01'): 29  (an extended communication (often interactive) dealing with some particular topic)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . 
	 3.Example sentence: A few of his examples are of very great interest , and the whole discussion of some importance for theory . 
	 4.Example sentence: But the discussion was academic . 

Frequency of Synset('discussion.n.02'): 25  (an exchange of views on some topic)
	 1.Example sentence: What of the efficiency of this natural instrument of free discussion ? 
	 2.Example sentence: When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer , for instance , we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign . 
	 3.Example sentence: We are reminded , however , that freedom of thought and discussion , the unfettered exchange of ideas , is basic under our form of government . 
	 4.Example sentence: We must not forget , to be sure , that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('profit.v.01.benefit')
Frequency of Synset('profit.v.01'): 24  (derive a benefit from)
	 1.Example sentence: Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; particularly the scholarship fund . 
	 3.Example sentence: Would we gain by keeping alive his memory and besmirching today 's Roman Catholics by saying he had a Catholic heart ? 
	 4.Example sentence: There is little doubt that the students benefit from vocational education . 

Frequency of Synset('benefit.v.02'): 12  (be beneficial for)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Dr. Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the Century Magazine or Harper 's but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in The Messenger , `` so our readers will be benefited instead '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , this inaugural feast did its sponsors no good whatever . 
	 4.Example sentence: If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('phase.n.01.phase')
Frequency of Synset('phase.n.01'): 49  (any distinct time period in a sequence of events)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you audited your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories , each depicting a special phase of the general subject . 
	 3.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: But it is worth pondering that very little has been published on any phase of field techniques in linguistics . 

Frequency of Synset('phase.n.02'): 22  ((physical chemistry) a distinct state of matter in a system; matter that is identical in chemical composition and physical state and separated from other material by the phase boundary)
	 1.Example sentence: The photochemical exchange occurs with a quantum yield of the order of unity in the liquid phase at 65 ` using light absorbed only by the * * f . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the gas phase , with * * f of * * f and * * f of * * f , quantum yields of the order of * * f have been observed at 85 ` . 
	 3.Example sentence: The rate of the gas phase exchange reaction appears to be proportional to the first power of the absorbed light intensity indicating that the radical intermediates are removed at the walls or by reaction with an impurity rather than by bimolecular radical combination reactions . 
	 4.Example sentence: It would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals , as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the carbon halogen bond . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('club.n.02.club')
Frequency of Synset('baseball_club.n.01'): 14  (a team of professional baseball players who play and travel together)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Listen , wise guy , if you think I 'm gonna do all the fighting for this ball club you 're crazy '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I did n't ask you to fight for the ball club '' , Phil said slowly . 
	 3.Example sentence: There were other clubs in this league . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Why not try another club '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('club.n.02'): 16  (a formal association of people with similar interests)
	 1.Example sentence: Could an employee 's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Would a camera club be useful in taking pictures pertinent to plant safety ? 
	 3.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('care.n.06.care')
Frequency of Synset('care.n.01'): 14  (the work of providing treatment for or attending to someone or something)
	 1.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both Negro and white , should devote far more attention . 
	 3.Example sentence: Will your trade customers settle for less attention and fewer frills in return for some benefit they can share ? 
	 4.Example sentence: These my grandmother left in their places ( they are still there , more persistent and longer-lived than the generations of man ) and planted others like them , that flourished without careful tending . 

Frequency of Synset('concern.n.02'): 15  (an anxious feeling)
	 1.Example sentence: We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes . 
	 2.Example sentence: She had skipped her lunch hour in the fear that he might call while she was out . 
	 3.Example sentence: And now she was feeling sick , both from concern about Stanley and hunger . 
	 4.Example sentence: Where the industry 's product price has been kept below the `` profit maximizing '' and `` entry limiting '' prices due to fears of public reaction , the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('yard.n.02.grounds')
Frequency of Synset('evidence.n.01'): 60  (your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hence , the only defensible procedure is to repress any and every notion , unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was no evidence that anything was different than it had been . 

Frequency of Synset('yard.n.02'): 17  (the enclosed land around a house or other building)
	 1.Example sentence: Could an employee 's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds . 
	 3.Example sentence: Presently he heard footsteps crossing the yard , and Jess 's smothered curses . 
	 4.Example sentence: Across the front of a yard and down the side , they were iron , either spiked along the top or arched in half circles . 

Frequency of Synset('land.n.04'): 58  (the solid part of the earth's surface)
	 1.Example sentence: North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week . 
	 2.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; it did not even provide the architect 's plan for anything new . 

Frequency of Synset('reason.n.01'): 85  (a rational motive for a belief or action)
	 1.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations . 
	 3.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hidden behind Hegelian abstractions were more practical reasons for a changing jurisprudence . 

Frequency of Synset('earth.n.02'): 23  (the loose soft material that makes up a large part of the land surface)
	 1.Example sentence: Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls . 
	 2.Example sentence: Too late , he realized that in turning , he had wheeled them onto a patch of sandy ground , instead of atop a grade or ridge . 
	 3.Example sentence: Frozen , they stared at it whirling down the valley , gouging and spitting out boulders and chunks of earth like a starving hound dog cracking marrowbones . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was nine o ' clock in the morning : the hour which , like a spade turning clods of earth , exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night . 

Frequency of Synset('footing.n.02'): 39  (a relation that provides the foundation for something)
	 1.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was observed in the introductory chapter that metropolitan life had split into two trends - expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing exclusiveness in local communal groupings . 
	 4.Example sentence: recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; 

Frequency of Synset('land.n.02'): 21  (material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use))
	 1.Example sentence: Within a few years the Scots , engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley , were joined by a group called Meurons . 
	 2.Example sentence: The high cost of land , supplies , and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis . 
	 3.Example sentence: Land within commuting distance of a growing city is usually high in price , higher if it has subdivision possibilities . 
	 4.Example sentence: Part-time farming can take comparatively little land , labor , and equipment - or a great deal . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('film.v.01.take')
Frequency of Synset('take.v.01'): 86  (carry out)
	 1.Example sentence: I could tell you of plenty narrow escapes , but we take no notice of them now '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Pathet Lao forces held two northern provinces and openly took the offensive in three more . 
	 3.Example sentence: We had nearly decided that all the tales of Lao lethargy must be true , when we were invited to take a trip with the Prime Minister . 
	 4.Example sentence: She would n't be taking a cold shower . 

Frequency of Synset('take.v.02'): 72  (require (time or space))
	 1.Example sentence: Do you insist that unneeded salary employees take their vacations during plant shutdowns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Bryn Mawr Drive is only two or three miles from the Spartan , and it took me less than five minutes to get there . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would take time ; it would , almost inevitably , trouble some water . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I take a little time to think it over '' . 

Frequency of Synset('lead.v.01'): 121  (take somebody somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable by-product of murder , led to Garth 's door . 
	 3.Example sentence: He took Madden into the room he used as an office . 
	 4.Example sentence: I guided her to the divan , turned off the TV , faced her . 

Frequency of Synset('take.v.04'): 48  (get into one's hands, take physically)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: She was still hugging the stained coat around her , so I said , `` Relax , let me take your things . 
	 3.Example sentence: and , Here , I 'll take this , I was before her , you wait on me now or I do n't bother with it , see ! 
	 4.Example sentence: He kills when he pleases , takes his women where he finds them and always acts as judge , jury and executioner rolled into one . 

Frequency of Synset('assume.v.03'): 52  (take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 
	 2.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 

Frequency of Synset('take.v.06'): 39  (interpret something in a certain way; convey a particular meaning or impression)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: I remember Ernest Bloch in the foyer , shouting in his high-pitched voice : `` it may be a tour de force , mais mon Dieu , can anyone take this music seriously '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Certainly , America took Prokofieff and his Classical Symphony seriously , and with a good deal of pleasure . 
	 4.Example sentence: And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written . 

Frequency of Synset('bring.v.01'): 152  (take something or somebody with oneself somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: He spoke of the season of dryness and dust , brought by the monsoon from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the monsoon from the southwest . 
	 2.Example sentence: He spoke of the season of dryness and dust , brought by the monsoon from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the monsoon from the southwest . 
	 3.Example sentence: That , however , may also bring the police , if the thinking does not meet with social approval . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 

Frequency of Synset('take.v.08'): 27  (take into one's possession)
	 1.Example sentence: I wonder if the Carters would take one . 
	 2.Example sentence: Being a woman though , she would take only what she needed from church . 
	 3.Example sentence: He limps , and the man who hit you and took the cane , he limped . 
	 4.Example sentence: Even before his mind had rounded out the idea , he thrust one hand into his trousers pocket and pulled out the six slugs he had taken from the revolver . 

Frequency of Synset('take.v.09'): 24  (travel or go by means of a certain kind of transportation, or a certain route)
	 1.Example sentence: Then they took a taxi to Trastevere . 
	 2.Example sentence: Cricket took eight ships and went south across the Straits and along the north coast of Mindanao to Cagayan . 
	 3.Example sentence: Greg himself took two flights , with Todman leading the second , to patrol and look for targets of opportunities around Ormoc on the east coast of Leyte . 
	 4.Example sentence: He was happy enough to take the convertible and race up the hill to the Blevins ' , thinking that they might give him a drink . 

Frequency of Synset('choose.v.01'): 104  (pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives)
	 1.Example sentence: Choose carefully between contributory or non contributory pension plans . 
	 2.Example sentence: Accident , murder , suicide - take your pick '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Take one side of the street , and I 'll take the other '' , he proposed . 

Frequency of Synset('accept.v.02'): 62  (receive willingly something given or offered)
	 1.Example sentence: He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . 
	 2.Example sentence: He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . 
	 3.Example sentence: I wonder if the Carters would take one . 
	 4.Example sentence: Perhaps he had better have someone help him put up the pegboard and build the workbench - someone who knew what he was about . 

Frequency of Synset('fill.v.04'): 26  (assume, as of positions or roles)
	 1.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 2.Example sentence: State governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational schools , but their focus is still on area job opportunities . 
	 3.Example sentence: First , let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times , now the corporation per se cannot take economic leadership . 
	 4.Example sentence: A world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more self-assertive , too '' . 

Frequency of Synset('consider.v.03'): 73  (take into consideration for exemplifying purposes)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in plant feeding operation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . 

Frequency of Synset('necessitate.v.01'): 320  (require as useful, just, or proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 

Frequency of Synset('take.v.15'): 20  (experience or feel or submit to)
	 1.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 
	 2.Example sentence: That long ride the four of you took must 've given him a good appetite . 
	 3.Example sentence: The industry may deliberately take a strike , not to put pressure on the union , but in order to `` educate '' the government and the customers of the industry . 
	 4.Example sentence: I never heard of a poll being taken on the question . 

Frequency of Synset('film.v.01'): 25  (make a film or photograph of something)
	 1.Example sentence: Would a camera club be useful in taking pictures pertinent to plant safety ? 
	 2.Example sentence: My lovely caller - Joyce Holland was her name - had previously done three filmed commercials for ZING , and this evening , the fourth , a super production , had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor . 
	 3.Example sentence: When he heard Calenda say : `` What about that picture you took this afternoon '' ? it still took him another few seconds to remember the job he had done for Frank Ackerly . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You took a picture of me at the corner of Washington and Blake about three thirty this afternoon '' . 

Frequency of Synset('remove.v.01'): 104  (remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 2.Example sentence: Will mere debate on that proposition , even though it be free and untrammeled , remove the dross and leave a residue of refined gold ? 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I guess so '' , she said taking a Kleenex from her purse . 
	 4.Example sentence: In there are n't many young people in the neighborhood the modifier young takes dominant stress away from its head people : the fact that the young creatures of interest are people seems rather obvious . 

Frequency of Synset('consume.v.02'): 56  (serve oneself to, or consume regularly)
	 1.Example sentence: He had lunch with Pauling . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then they had dinner . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Since we 're having coffee with them this afternoon '' , he said , `` I think I 'll ask the daughter if we can pay her to come in every day to clean for us '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to N. V. Peale ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( Francis Thompson 's words for the Hound of Heaven 's pursuit ) by judicial fiat . 

Frequency of Synset('take.v.19'): 17  (accept or undergo, often unwillingly)
	 1.Example sentence: You 'll take the rap . 
	 2.Example sentence: The cops would gather up Connor and the foursome on the third floor and bring us those of them who would voluntarily submit to fingerprinting . 
	 3.Example sentence: He took it without flinching . 
	 4.Example sentence: Isaac Pitt , one of the men from Lincoln , had taken a musket ball in his belly ; and though he had found the strength to run with us , now he collapsed and lay on the ground , dying , the Reverend holding his head and wiping his hot brow . 

Frequency of Synset('take.v.20'): 13  (make use of or accept for some purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: State governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational schools , but their focus is still on area job opportunities . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` He says I 'm to take the message '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken : 
	 4.Example sentence: He feels , therefore , that to seek a discontinuity in the arms policy of the United States is the least risky path our government can take . 

Frequency of Synset('take.v.21'): 11  (take by force)
	 1.Example sentence: Or someone had taken it during her first day at Honotassa . 
	 2.Example sentence: Maude had the opportunity to take the bottle of opium from Sarah 's room . 
	 3.Example sentence: I did book jackets and covers for paperback reprints : naked girls huddling in corners of dingy furnished rooms while at the doorway , daring the cops to take him , is the guy in shirt sleeves clutching a revolver . 
	 4.Example sentence: Fourteen of the sculptures you took posses properties of a most curious and terrifying nature , as you will observe when your limbs begin to wither and your hair falls out in patches . 

Frequency of Synset('accept.v.05'): 17  (admit into a group or community)
	 1.Example sentence: I 've always admired him , and when I heard he was taking a few pupils , I went to him and joined his class '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Since the Santo Spirito hospital had taken only men , he had had no experience in the study of female anatomy ; but he had sketched the women of Tuscany in their fields and homes . 
	 3.Example sentence: The difference is that the masters took the bare frame of a plot and filled it with their own world ; most modern adapters totally accept the world of a book , squeeze it dry of life , and add only one contribution of their own : 
	 4.Example sentence: She learns how to relax them to accept - instead of contracting them to repel the entering object . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.04'): 26  (be a student of a certain subject)
	 1.Example sentence: While Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine , physics , and astronomy , his brother studied law . 
	 2.Example sentence: Adler , Judge Sulzberger 's nephew , came to study Assyriology . 
	 3.Example sentence: Both these youths , who greatly admired Henrietta , were somewhat younger than she , as were also the neighboring Friedenwald boys , who were then studying medicine ; and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa , whose mind - although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it - naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sadie studied piano ; played Chopin in the `` Soiree Musicale of Mr. Guthrie 's Pupils '' ; and she recited `` Hector 's Farewell to Andromache '' most movingly , to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds ' in Baltimore . 

Frequency of Synset('aim.v.01'): 13  (point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards)
	 1.Example sentence: First , the student trains on his hapless parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Phillips took a razor to Gonzalez , Prop. , but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome . 
	 3.Example sentence: But if there was evidence at the Trial that aimed over Eichmann 's head at his collaborators in the societies where he functioned , the press seems to have missed it . 
	 4.Example sentence: I took it . 

Frequency of Synset('carry.v.02'): 37  (have with oneself; have on one's person)
	 1.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 
	 3.Example sentence: He carried three guns - one in the right trouser pocket , one under his left armpit , one in the left outside coat pocket - and was equally lethal with both hands . 
	 4.Example sentence: Each plane carried two five-hundred pound bombs . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('picture.n.01.picture')
Frequency of Synset('picture.n.01'): 33  (a visual representation (of an object or scene or person or abstraction) produced on a surface)
	 1.Example sentence: Would a camera club be useful in taking pictures pertinent to plant safety ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Each was her mother 's assistant and confidante ; and each stood out conspicuously in the family picture . 
	 3.Example sentence: For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . 
	 4.Example sentence: When she had wiped some of the lipstick from her mouth , she stared solemnly at her image in the mirror . 

Frequency of Synset('painting.n.01'): 37  (graphic art consisting of an artistic composition made by applying paints to a surface)
	 1.Example sentence: In the end , I did the same old picture , the naked girl and the guy in the doorway , only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy , gave him a sword instead of a pistol , and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie . 
	 2.Example sentence: As for Donald , he actually sold paintings . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was strange stuff - it reminded me of the pictures of a child , but a child who has never played with other kids and has lived all its life with adults . 
	 4.Example sentence: It may have been true for all I know , because his glasses were like the bottoms of milk bottles , but it did n't prevent the paintings from being exciting . 

Frequency of Synset('mental_picture.n.01'): 13  (a clear and telling mental image)
	 1.Example sentence: Shakespeare gives us a vivid picture of Shylock , but probably he never saw a Jew , unless in some of his travels . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was a succession of picture images passing through his mind : the same ones , different ones , in no apparent sequence , in no logical succession . 
	 3.Example sentence: Corporations are apt by nature to be impersonal , inhumane , shortsighted and almost exclusively profit motivated , a picture they could scarcely afford to present to the public . 
	 4.Example sentence: His mind flicked through the mental pictures he had from the hours of Aircraft Identification . 

Frequency of Synset('picture.n.04'): 16  (a situation treated as an observable object)
	 1.Example sentence: At first glance , not much of a motive for a man of his standing ; but for all his air of affluence , who could tell what his private financial picture was ? 
	 2.Example sentence: All told , they offered a highly confused picture . 
	 3.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 4.Example sentence: We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes . 

Frequency of Synset('movie.n.01'): 41  (a form of entertainment that enacts a story by sound and a sequence of images giving the illusion of continuous movement)
	 1.Example sentence: Dinner and the movies had been fine . 
	 2.Example sentence: They know from their researches into television and the movies that knights in the middle ages had beautiful flowing haircuts like Little Lord Fauntleroy , and only the villains had beards . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the end , I did the same old picture , the naked girl and the guy in the doorway , only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy , gave him a sword instead of a pistol , and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie . 
	 4.Example sentence: The film they did after his return was an inconsequential bit of nothing titled Out of This World , a satire on the Sinatra bobby-soxer craze . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('excessively.r.01.too')
Frequency of Synset('excessively.r.01'): 167  (to a degree exceeding normal or proper limits)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . 
	 3.Example sentence: It 's usually not too hard to sell workers on this as it gives them longer holiday periods . 
	 4.Example sentence: He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm . 

Frequency of Synset('besides.r.02'): 95  (in addition)
	 1.Example sentence: Also , beware of open end policies , especially in the medical field . 
	 2.Example sentence: Also , reserve the right to demand proof of death despite the fact that you 'll probably never use it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation . 
	 4.Example sentence: If Arthur Williams was involved in the fraud or the murder , then he too had another identity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('help.v.01.help')
Frequency of Synset('help.v.01'): 233  (give help or assistance; be of service)
	 1.Example sentence: Can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? 
	 3.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 
	 4.Example sentence: The brothers continued to help each other during their studies , sharing a joint purse , lodging together in the dormitory and dining together at the home of their aunt . 

Frequency of Synset('help.v.02'): 24  (improve the condition of)
	 1.Example sentence: Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated . 
	 2.Example sentence: The hired man ran over to help his boss . 
	 3.Example sentence: - Let me help him , for the love of God ! 
	 4.Example sentence: If , however , it would help to intensify your anguish , I can delimit the powers of a few of the divinities you 've affronted and describe the punishment they meted out in one analogous instance . 

Frequency of Synset('help.v.03'): 19  (be of use)
	 1.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 
	 2.Example sentence: Does this help the non-Jew to understand this group ? 
	 3.Example sentence: This may help explain a phenomenon described by a small town Jewish boy . 
	 4.Example sentence: Here again , in the written language it is possible to help the reader get his stresses right by using underlining or italics , but much of the time there is simply reliance on his understanding in the light of context . 

Frequency of Synset('serve.v.05'): 23  (help to some food; help with food or drink)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . 
	 2.Example sentence: Latest models serve hot meals at reasonable prices , and at a profit to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the home of a gourmet the new maid was instructed in the fine points of serving . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I want the fish served whole , with head and tail '' , the epicure explained , `` and serve it with lemon in mouth '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('know.v.01.know')
Frequency of Synset('know.v.01'): 546  (be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they 're entitled to . 
	 3.Example sentence: The blue-collar worker thus knows his insurance package , for example , costs $ 227.72 . 
	 4.Example sentence: He said that he had already told the police chief that he did n't know what insurance man had recommended Johnston to Mrs. Meeker . 

Frequency of Synset('know.v.02'): 136  (know how to do or perform something)
	 1.Example sentence: That little spark is all the wealth I know , That little spark is my life 's misery '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . 
	 3.Example sentence: So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . 
	 4.Example sentence: Angie knew too much entirely already . 

Frequency of Synset('know.v.03'): 111  (be aware of the truth of something; have a belief or faith in something; regard as true beyond any doubt)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 2.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking . 

Frequency of Synset('know.v.04'): 69  (be familiar or acquainted with a person or an object)
	 1.Example sentence: No one the Medfield police had questioned professed to know any more about him than about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 3.Example sentence: I said , `` Do we know each other , Miss '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You know who the other man was '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('know.v.05'): 25  (have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: Those ten days were like no others that Blanche had known . 
	 3.Example sentence: All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved . 
	 4.Example sentence: Marketing in the new decade will be no picnic - for the sixties will present possibly the most intense competitive activity that you have experienced in the last 20 - 25 yr. . 

Frequency of Synset('acknowledge.v.06'): 41  (accept (someone) to be what is claimed or accept his power and authority)
	 1.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 2.Example sentence: The association between electric ( both electrostatic and voltaic ) forces and magnetic forces had been recognized by investigators for many decades . 
	 3.Example sentence: We assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that price level increases may offset wage rate increases , and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the `` real '' wage rate . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath defying his ulcer . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('course.n.03.trend')
Frequency of Synset('tendency.n.04'): 18  (a general direction in which something tends to move)
	 1.Example sentence: It was observed in the introductory chapter that metropolitan life had split into two trends - expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing exclusiveness in local communal groupings . 
	 2.Example sentence: These trends seem to be working at cross-purposes in the metropolis . 
	 3.Example sentence: The motifs of impersonal interdependence and insulation of residential communities have polarized ; the schism between central city and suburb , Negro and White , blue collar and white collar can be viewed as symptomatic of this deeper polarization of trends in the metropolis . 
	 4.Example sentence: An important recent trend is the development of area vocational schools . 

Frequency of Synset('course.n.03'): 12  (general line of orientation)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots ? 
	 2.Example sentence: In the course of our talk , Askington mentioned that he spent part of each week studying . 
	 3.Example sentence: We are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest , seeking human dignity . 
	 4.Example sentence: Spraying continued along a two mile course . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('supply.v.01.provide')
Frequency of Synset('supply.v.01'): 351  (give something useful or necessary to)
	 1.Example sentence: If you provide inter plant transportation , can this be replaced by available public transportation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 3.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1609 , the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson , gave him two learned geographers , fitted him out with a ship called the Half Moon , and supplied him with Dutch sailors . 

Frequency of Synset('provide.v.02'): 33  (give what is desired or needed, especially support, food or sustenance)
	 1.Example sentence: The Pathet Lao , stiffened by Communist Veterans from neighboring North Viet Nam , were supplied by Soviet aircraft . 
	 2.Example sentence: All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . 
	 3.Example sentence: Transportation may be provided from nearby school districts . 
	 4.Example sentence: The task of providing a reasonable level of military strength , without endangering other vital aspects of our security , is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress . 

Frequency of Synset('provide.v.03'): 14  (determine (what is to happen in certain contingencies), especially by including a proviso condition or stipulation)
	 1.Example sentence: The completeness of the connections provide that , for N people , there are * * f lines of communication between the pairs , which can become a large number ( 1225 ) for a party of fifty guests . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 4.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.06'): 22  (make a possibility or provide opportunity for; permit to be attainable or cause to remain)
	 1.Example sentence: He seems , by some unconscious division of labor , to have given them that one function and no other , leaving communication to the rest of the face . 
	 2.Example sentence: The original electrocardiograph primarily indicates irregularities in the heartbeat , but today 's techniques allow exact measurements of the flow of blood through the aorta , dimensioning of the heart and its chambers , and a much more detailed study of each heartbeat . 
	 3.Example sentence: These areas by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . 
	 4.Example sentence: The actual surface becomes both ground and background , and it turns out - suddenly and paradoxically - that the only place left for a three-dimensional illusion is in front of , upon , the surface . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('public.s.02.public')
Frequency of Synset('public.a.01'): 49  (not private; open to or concerning the people as a whole)
	 1.Example sentence: If you provide inter plant transportation , can this be replaced by available public transportation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: It was not opposed to either justice or morality ; it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority . 
	 3.Example sentence: Private international law ( which Americans call the `` conflict of laws '' ) was thus segregated from international law proper , or , as it is often called , public international law . 
	 4.Example sentence: It reported that he now devoted only some 6 - 1 2 hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities . 

Frequency of Synset('public.s.02'): 22  (affecting the people or community as a whole)
	 1.Example sentence: If you provide inter plant transportation , can this be replaced by available public transportation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: In order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces , such as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this model , we abstract from all non wage sources of cost changes , so that the `` public limit price '' only rises as the wage rate rises . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('delegate.v.02.assign')
Frequency of Synset('delegate.v.02'): 17  (give an assignment to (a person) to a post, or assign a task to (a person))
	 1.Example sentence: Can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Personnel assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops , at which hundreds of school administrators , teachers , professors , and recreational leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education . 
	 4.Example sentence: Early in 1941 they were assigned to a script titled Hot Nocturne . 

Frequency of Synset('assign.v.02'): 21  (give out)
	 1.Example sentence: The first is compiling a list of text forms , assigning an information cell to each , and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence . 
	 2.Example sentence: If cell * * f has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text form list , it is now assigned as the information cell of * * f . 
	 3.Example sentence: If cell * * f has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text form list , it is now assigned as the information cell of * * f . 
	 4.Example sentence: If * * f was assigned as the information cell for * * f , the routine can detect that * * f is identical to * * f by comparing * * f with the form stored at location * * f . 

Frequency of Synset('impute.v.01'): 26  (attribute or credit to)
	 1.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim - all in violation of the Fifth Amendment . 
	 3.Example sentence: But the statement of the local board attributing this claim to petitioner was in his file . 
	 4.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` folksy spirit '' of Protestant religious life ; in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('more.r.01.more')
Frequency of Synset('more.r.01'): 355  (used to form the comparative of some adjectives and adverbs)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 3.Example sentence: She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; particularly the scholarship fund . 
	 4.Example sentence: A nation such as Switzerland could be neutralized by agreement and could be relied upon to protect its neutrality ; more doubtful , but possible , ( with an assist from the North ) was the neutralization of the Latin American countries ; out of the question was the neutralization of Asia and Africa . 

Frequency of Synset('more.r.02'): 31  (comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: Workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to . 
	 2.Example sentence: Together they had probably done more than any other men to help push Laos toward the 20 th century - constructively . 
	 3.Example sentence: So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . 
	 4.Example sentence: So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('necessitate.v.01.require')
Frequency of Synset('necessitate.v.01'): 320  (require as useful, just, or proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 

Frequency of Synset('ask.v.04'): 48  (consider obligatory; request and expect)
	 1.Example sentence: It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , in addition , required kosher food . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: Killpath said , `` You were expected to report to my office twenty minutes ago , Sergeant . 
	 4.Example sentence: During the decade that followed , the common man , as that piece put it , grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled from behind Saint Woodrow ( Wilson ) only to learn from Science , to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow - that there was a chemical formula for him , and that too much could n't be expected of him . 

Frequency of Synset('command.v.02'): 23  (make someone do something)
	 1.Example sentence: Require each employee to work his last shift both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Hoa-whup '' ! he commanded from his raw throat , and felt the pain of movement in his cracked , black burned lips . 
	 3.Example sentence: The state may decide to encourage local programs by paying half of the cost , or the state may require the local district to bear this half or some part of it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Under its plan du Pont would retain its General Motors shares but be required to pass on to its stockholders the right to vote those shares . 

Frequency of Synset('want.v.02'): 115  (have need of)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they 're entitled to . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('calendar_month.n.01.month')
Frequency of Synset('calendar_month.n.01'): 69  (one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year)
	 1.Example sentence: Can vacations be spaced throughout the 12 months to minimize the number of employee fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Seventeen months later , on September 6 , 1611 , an Irish fishing boat sighted the Discovery limping eastward outside Galway Bay . 
	 3.Example sentence: What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months ? 
	 4.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 

Frequency of Synset('month.n.02'): 34  (a time unit of approximately 30 days)
	 1.Example sentence: In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by Thayer , who could charge off one room on his expense account . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two weeks , a month , we talk it over again , and maybe if nothing happens meanwhile to say the cops know this and that , then we make a little deal , is n't it '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: And I suppose now that you 've finally grown up , if a little late , you 'd go on producing kittens every six months or so . 
	 4.Example sentence: O ' Banion 's first conflict with the police came in 1909 , at seventeen , when he was committed to Bridewell Prison for three months for burglary ; two years later he served another three months for assault . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sale.n.02.sale')
Frequency of Synset('sale.n.01'): 29  (a particular instance of selling)
	 1.Example sentence: They 'd peddled the soap virtually alone , and without much success , until about a year ago , when - with the addition of `` SX-21 '' to their secret formula and the inauguration of a high-powered advertising campaign - sales had soared practically into orbit . 
	 2.Example sentence: Katya Roslev , who would be Katharine Ross so very soon now , rang up her first sale of the day and counted back the change . 
	 3.Example sentence: Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress . 
	 4.Example sentence: Upon such sale , there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale . 

Frequency of Synset('sale.n.02'): 18  (the general activity of selling)
	 1.Example sentence: What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation shutdown periods ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Many companies have upgraded their sales manpower and tested new selling , distribution , and promotion techniques to gain a bigger competitive edge . 
	 3.Example sentence: Proper follow-through requires training your own sales organization , and your distributor organizations , not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations . 
	 4.Example sentence: As mass dealer and distributor organizations grow in size , there is every reason to expect them to try to share in the manufacturer 's as well as the distributor 's profits - which is , in effect , what the sale of private brands tends to do . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('order.n.07.order')
Frequency of Synset('order.n.01'): 17  ((often plural) a command given by a superior (e.g., a military or law enforcement officer) that must be obeyed)
	 1.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 
	 2.Example sentence: That 's an order '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: It argued , inter alia , that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and du Pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was just doing my job , just following orders , and for that he 's going to kill me . 

Frequency of Synset('club.n.02'): 16  (a formal association of people with similar interests)
	 1.Example sentence: Could an employee 's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Would a camera club be useful in taking pictures pertinent to plant safety ? 
	 3.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('age.n.01.age')
Frequency of Synset('age.n.01'): 75  (how long something has existed)
	 1.Example sentence: Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . 
	 3.Example sentence: And so deadheads on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age . 
	 4.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 

Frequency of Synset('historic_period.n.01'): 23  (an era of history having some distinctive feature)
	 1.Example sentence: And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written . 
	 2.Example sentence: He opens his discourse , however , with a review of the Eisenhower inaugural festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents , all primed to catch some revelation of the emerging new age . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is obvious that the historian who seeks to recapture the ideas that have motivated human behavior throughout a given period will find the art and literature of that age one of his central and major concerns , by no means a mere supplement or adjunct of significant historical research . 
	 4.Example sentence: A contrast of the scripture reading of , let us say , St. Augustine , John Bunyan , and Thomas Jefferson , all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment , can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression . 

Frequency of Synset('old_age.n.01'): 19  (a late time of life)
	 1.Example sentence: One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college oriented . 
	 2.Example sentence: But the fences were still in place fifty odd years ago , and when we stood on the gate to look over , the sidewalk under our eyes was not cement but two rows of paving stones with grass between and on both sides . 
	 3.Example sentence: He must be a million years old . 
	 4.Example sentence: William Hitchcock , who retired in 1938 , was a veteran of thirty-four years ' local service . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('actually.r.01.actually')
Frequency of Synset('actually.r.01'): 76  (in actual fact)
	 1.Example sentence: Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 3.Example sentence: He again stated that he was `` a regular minister '' ; that he was `` devoting an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching publicly '' , in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other ministerial duties , and that he opposed war in any form . 
	 4.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 

Frequency of Synset('actually.r.02'): 13  (used to imply that one would expect the fact to be the opposite of that stated; surprisingly)
	 1.Example sentence: Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' - He stopped and looked at Thor 's body . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sweat broke out on Mr. Skyros ' forehead as he realized he had been actually thinking - hoping - planning - perhaps - 
	 3.Example sentence: Actually , she had hated him before she ever saw him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Have you actually checked out ( not just mentally tested ) different selling approaches designed to counter the price competition problem ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('cost.v.02.cost')
Frequency of Synset('cost.v.01'): 35  (be priced at)
	 1.Example sentence: The blue-collar worker thus knows his insurance package , for example , costs $ 227.72 . 
	 2.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Must have cost plenty . 
	 4.Example sentence: You can n't tell a customer how much it 's going to cost him to refinance his payments before he even signs for a loan on the money down ! 

Frequency of Synset('cost.v.02'): 16  (require to lose, suffer, or sacrifice)
	 1.Example sentence: Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you have an annual or regular physical examination program , is it worth what it is costing you ? 
	 3.Example sentence: The trouble here is that it 's almost too easy to take the high moral ground when it does n't cost you anything . 
	 4.Example sentence: This epic effort to secure seed for the colony cost Selkirk 1040 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('see.v.10.assure')
Frequency of Synset('guarantee.v.02'): 39  (make certain of)
	 1.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 2.Example sentence: Is there some magic in it that assures results ? 
	 3.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 4.Example sentence: Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society ; and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests . 

Frequency of Synset('assure.v.02'): 11  (inform positively and with certainty and confidence)
	 1.Example sentence: Seemingly , with an unrestricted flow of ideas , all will be well , and we are even assured that `` an idea a day will keep the sheriff away '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which , properly handled , would , he had assured him , turn into a workbench . 
	 3.Example sentence: This combined experience , on a foundation of very average , I assure you , intelligence and background , has helped me do things many well-informed people would bet heavily against . 
	 4.Example sentence: He tried to tell himself that maybe Burton had sobered up enough to get some sense . 

Frequency of Synset('see.v.10'): 48  (be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something)
	 1.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 4.Example sentence: He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess 's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside . 

Frequency of Synset('promise.v.01'): 27  (make a promise or commitment)
	 1.Example sentence: But I promised Joyce I would mention her name , if at all , only as a last resort . 
	 2.Example sentence: For a blood chilling ring of terror to the very sound of his name was the tool he needed for the job he 'd promised to do . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whoever , in the United States or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $ 5000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this title . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` We found some owls had built a nest in the chimney , milord , but I promise you you 'll never have trouble of that sort again '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('old.a.01.old')
Frequency of Synset('old.a.01'): 101  ((used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age)
	 1.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Old people have their idiosyncrasies '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: He lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old , a reclaimed island of landscaped brick and glass on the fringe of the business district . 

Frequency of Synset('old.a.02'): 92  (of long duration; not new)
	 1.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 2.Example sentence: The old way of doing things , which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no longer adequate to the task . 
	 3.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 4.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 

Frequency of Synset('erstwhile.s.01'): 19  (belonging to some prior time)
	 1.Example sentence: He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory . 
	 2.Example sentence: An inmate , a former university professor , expounded to us , logically and clearly , that someone was pilfering his thoughts . 
	 3.Example sentence: But hear Harrison E. Salisbury , former Moscow correspondent of The New York Times , and author of `` To Moscow - And Beyond '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: a former Democratic candidate for President , a New Deal poet , the magazine 's chief editorial writer , two newspaper columnists , head of a national broadcasting company , a popular Protestant evangelist , etc. . 

Frequency of Synset('previous.s.01'): 22  (just preceding something else in time or order)
	 1.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 2.Example sentence: The George-Barden Act of 1946 raised the previous increases in annual authorizations to $ 29 million in addition to the $ 7 million under the Smith Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , the public limit price is raised further by a given wage increase the longer it has been since the previous price increase . 
	 4.Example sentence: Moreover , as long as the weapon was carried openly , the sheriff 's office had made no previous issue of it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('early.a.01.early')
Frequency of Synset('early.a.01'): 74  (at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time)
	 1.Example sentence: Would early retirement of non-productive , disabled employees reduce the number of make-work jobs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The girls are prone to dress far more flamboyantly than their counterparts out of town , and eye shadow , mascara , and elaborate bouffant hairdos - despite the admonitions of cautious guidance personnel - are not unknown even in early morning classes . 
	 3.Example sentence: He terms this early enthusiasm `` Romantic Christianity '' and concludes that its similarity to democratic beliefs of that day is so great that `` the doctrine of liberty seems but a secular version of its counterpart in evangelical Protestantism '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Legislation has already been proposed to authorize the sale of these Government owned systems in Alaska , and its early enactment is desirable . 

Frequency of Synset('early.a.02'): 22  (being or occurring at an early stage of development)
	 1.Example sentence: To carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale . 
	 2.Example sentence: His earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had almost forgotten them , although they had played such an important part in his early dreams . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thirty years ' experience let him know , even at this early stage , that Black was his man . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('accept.v.03.accept')
Frequency of Synset('accept.v.01'): 32  (consider or hold as true)
	 1.Example sentence: He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices . 
	 2.Example sentence: I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed . 
	 3.Example sentence: That doctrine has been accepted by many , but has it produced good results ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Helen Deutsch informed us ( The Psychology of Women , Vol. 2 , , 434 ) that in all cultures `` the term ' stepmother ' automatically evokes deprecatory implications '' , a conclusion accepted by many . 

Frequency of Synset('accept.v.02'): 62  (receive willingly something given or offered)
	 1.Example sentence: He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . 
	 2.Example sentence: He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . 
	 3.Example sentence: I wonder if the Carters would take one . 
	 4.Example sentence: Perhaps he had better have someone help him put up the pegboard and build the workbench - someone who knew what he was about . 

Frequency of Synset('accept.v.03'): 17  (give an affirmative reply to; respond favorably to)
	 1.Example sentence: Will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was no law , domestic or international , except that willed by , acknowledged by , or consented to by states . 
	 4.Example sentence: The measures for annihilation proposed and accepted at the Conference affected industry , transportation , civilian agencies of government . 

Frequency of Synset('accept.v.04'): 12  (react favorably to; consider right and proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Stanley had filled out the return and because , when he was finished , it was close to the lunch hour , he had politely asked Kitti to join him , never expecting her to accept . 
	 2.Example sentence: In any case , he refused to accept the implications of the analysis , that he needed to be made over . 
	 3.Example sentence: Afraid at one and the same time that his work might be turned down - which would be a blow to his pride even though no one knew he was the author - and that the work would be accepted , and then that his violent feelings in the matter would certainly betray how deeply concerned he was in spite of himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: The linguistic and paralinguistic signals of misery are all present in the voice chart for this sentence ; so are certain signals that she does not accept divorce . 

Frequency of Synset('accept.v.05'): 17  (admit into a group or community)
	 1.Example sentence: I 've always admired him , and when I heard he was taking a few pupils , I went to him and joined his class '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Since the Santo Spirito hospital had taken only men , he had had no experience in the study of female anatomy ; but he had sketched the women of Tuscany in their fields and homes . 
	 3.Example sentence: The difference is that the masters took the bare frame of a plot and filled it with their own world ; most modern adapters totally accept the world of a book , squeeze it dry of life , and add only one contribution of their own : 
	 4.Example sentence: She learns how to relax them to accept - instead of contracting them to repel the entering object . 

Frequency of Synset('bear.v.06'): 18  (take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person)
	 1.Example sentence: Your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70 th Anniversary for the April issue of Sovietskaya Muzyka is accepted with pleasure , because I admire the music of Prokofieff ; and with sober purpose , because the development of Prokofieff personifies , in many ways , the course of music in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics . 
	 2.Example sentence: The state may decide to encourage local programs by paying half of the cost , or the state may require the local district to bear this half or some part of it . 
	 3.Example sentence: If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states . 
	 4.Example sentence: Men continuously at the head of growing enterprises can acquire experiences of the most varied , complicated and trying type so that at maturation they have developed the competence and willingness to accept the personal responsibility so sorely needed now . 

Frequency of Synset('take.v.20'): 13  (make use of or accept for some purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: State governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational schools , but their focus is still on area job opportunities . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` He says I 'm to take the message '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken : 
	 4.Example sentence: He feels , therefore , that to seek a discontinuity in the arms policy of the United States is the least risky path our government can take . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('share.v.02.share')
Frequency of Synset('share.v.01'): 23  (have in common)
	 1.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 2.Example sentence: If he had been `` liquidated '' in some way , he would have become a martyr , a rallying point for people who shared his ideas . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hoijer 's Athabascan and my Yokuts share 71 identical meanings ( with allowance for several near synonyms like stomach belly , big large , long far , many much , die dead , say speak ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: With the return of our soldiers , it soon became apparent that the belief was not shared by the great majority of citizens . 

Frequency of Synset('share.v.02'): 19  (use jointly or in common)
	 1.Example sentence: Can you share medical facilities and staff with neighboring plants ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The brothers continued to help each other during their studies , sharing a joint purse , lodging together in the dormitory and dining together at the home of their aunt . 
	 3.Example sentence: For you do n't share him , not even with God . 
	 4.Example sentence: In types 1 , , 2 , and 3 , the bronchial artery terminates in a capillary bed shared in common with the pulmonary artery at the level of the distal bronchiole . 

Frequency of Synset('partake.v.02'): 15  (have, give, or receive a share of)
	 1.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 2.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 3.Example sentence: The manner in which this is shared among firms is taken as given . 
	 4.Example sentence: Will your trade customers settle for less attention and fewer frills in return for some benefit they can share ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('now.r.01.now')
Frequency of Synset('now.r.01'): 223  (in the historical present; at this point in the narration of a series of past events)
	 1.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1602 , George Waymouth , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long sought waterway . 

Frequency of Synset('nowadays.r.01'): 201  (in these times; - Nancy Mitford)
	 1.Example sentence: As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the great strait . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson pointed the Discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called Hudson Bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . 
	 4.Example sentence: I could tell you of plenty narrow escapes , but we take no notice of them now '' . 

Frequency of Synset('now.r.03'): 24  (used to preface a command or reproof or request)
	 1.Example sentence: When you see them again give them my love - not best respects now , but love by God '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Now you do n't want to go talking that way '' , he said . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now turn around so I can see your face '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now start talking . 

Frequency of Synset('now.r.04'): 11  (at the present moment)
	 1.Example sentence: A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Angie worth his weight in gold right now , but these users , they sometimes went down fast . 
	 3.Example sentence: Finally we may note that the idea appears in educational theory where its influence is at present widespread . 
	 4.Example sentence: So you get rid of that pistol right now , Mis-ter McBride . 

Frequency of Synset('immediately.r.01'): 49  (without delay or hesitation; with no time intervening)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The date , October 8 , 1957 , immediately caught the inspector 's eye . 
	 3.Example sentence: For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . 
	 4.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('serve.v.02.serve')
Frequency of Synset('serve.v.01'): 55  (serve a purpose, role, or function)
	 1.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this question , it has served as an exclamation . 
	 4.Example sentence: Perhaps the Jewish students at Brooklyn College - constituting 85 per cent of those who attend the day session - can serve as a paradigm of the urban , lower middle class Jewish student . 

Frequency of Synset('serve.v.02'): 36  (do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function)
	 1.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He had been a choir boy at the Holy Name Cathedral and also served as an acolyte to Father O ' Brien . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces . 
	 4.Example sentence: Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director , officer , or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors , and no director , officer , or employee of du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval . 

Frequency of Synset('serve.v.03'): 23  (contribute or conduce to)
	 1.Example sentence: It now becomes evident that the denominational church is intimately involved with the economy of middle-class culture , for it serves to crystallize the social class identity of middle-class residential groupings . 
	 2.Example sentence: An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still a quarter-mile away , the fresh clap of guns only served to increase his speed . 
	 4.Example sentence: A description of this process will serve to illustrate how any type of information can be retrieved from the dictionary and attached to each text occurrence . 

Frequency of Synset('service.v.01'): 26  (be used by; as of a utility)
	 1.Example sentence: For a number of years Kentucky , Louisiana and several other states have been building state sponsored vocational education schools that serve nearby school districts in several counties . 
	 2.Example sentence: The New York Central has pointed out that this control , if approved by the Interstate Commerce Commission , would give the combined C.+O. - B.+O. Railroad a total of 185 points served in common with the New York Central . 
	 3.Example sentence: Not only is this kind of duplication wasteful , but it gives the combined system the ability to take freight traffic away from the New York Central and other railroads serving the area . 
	 4.Example sentence: as new homes were built they were connected so that all residences south of School Street are served by it . 

Frequency of Synset('serve.v.05'): 23  (help to some food; help with food or drink)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . 
	 2.Example sentence: Latest models serve hot meals at reasonable prices , and at a profit to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the home of a gourmet the new maid was instructed in the fine points of serving . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I want the fish served whole , with head and tail '' , the epicure explained , `` and serve it with lemon in mouth '' . 

Frequency of Synset('serve.v.06'): 20  (provide (usually but not necessarily food))
	 1.Example sentence: During the rest of the summer my scholarly mania for making plaster casts and spatter prints of Catskill flowers and leaves was all but surpassed by the constantly renewed impressions of Jessica that my mind served up to me for contemplation and delight . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whenever the place was cleaned or a meal served it was Precious who did the work . 
	 3.Example sentence: Cocktails and a buffet supper were served to more than 100 persons who had known Dr. Swim when he practiced in Los Angeles . 
	 4.Example sentence: I laid a tenspot on the bar and motioned to the bartender to serve a round . 

Frequency of Synset('serve.v.07'): 19  (devote (part of) one's life or efforts to, as of countries, institutions, or ideas)
	 1.Example sentence: Oersted 's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: He also met Count Rumford ( born Benjamin Thompson in Woburn, Mass . ) who was then serving the Elector of Bavaria , and the physicist Ritter ; these were Oersted 's main contacts in science . 
	 3.Example sentence: By 1937 he had clarified his intentions to serve his people : `` I have striven for clarity and melodious idiom , but at the same time I have by no means attempted to restrict myself to the accepted methods of harmony and melody . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the process , his native endowments were stretched , strengthened and disciplined to serve their human purpose . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('case.n.06.case')
Frequency of Synset('case.n.01'): 89  (an occurrence of something)
	 1.Example sentence: If we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact . 
	 2.Example sentence: In any case but the last , such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual ; the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining . 
	 3.Example sentence: And , in the last case , a bitter disappointment but too often meets the confiding nature '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . 

Frequency of Synset('event.n.02'): 45  (a special set of circumstances)
	 1.Example sentence: Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; to Brian Thayer , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker 's employ at the time of the latter 's death . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the second voyage , he had turned back at the frozen island of Novaya Zemlya and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will - which was obviously not the case . 
	 3.Example sentence: Over and above that , however , was his growing suspicion of Chuck Stober 's part in recent events . 
	 4.Example sentence: He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done . 

Frequency of Synset('lawsuit.n.01'): 24  (a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court of law whereby an individual seeks a legal remedy)
	 1.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 
	 2.Example sentence: Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; petitioner was not denied due process ; and his conviction is sustained . 
	 3.Example sentence: Haydn C. Covington argued the cause and filed a brief for petitioner . 
	 4.Example sentence: Daniel M. Friedman argued the cause for the United States . 

Frequency of Synset('case.n.04'): 11  (the actual state of things)
	 1.Example sentence: As is the case with the allotment provisions for support of vocational rehabilitation services , the matching requirements are also based on a statutory formula . 
	 2.Example sentence: She clearly agreed that this had been the case . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whenever the Secretary of the Treasury , or the Comptroller General of the United States , as the case may be , shall find that any person is entitled to any such payment , after such payment shall have been received by such person , it shall be an absolute bar to recovery by any other person against the United States , its officers , agents , or employees with respect to such payment . 
	 4.Example sentence: All payments authorized under section 7 of this Title shall be disbursed from the proper fund , as the case may be , and all amounts covered into the Treasury to the credit of the aforesaid funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by section 7 of this Title . 

Frequency of Synset('character.n.05'): 11  (a person of a specified kind (usually with many eccentricities))
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: Brooklyn College is unequivocally Jewish in tone , and efforts to detribalize the college by bringing in unimpeachably midwestern types on the faculty have been unavailing . 
	 3.Example sentence: Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and - especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair - into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . 
	 4.Example sentence: He said he was the lonely type and working in a cellar you saw funny things coming out of the cracks in the wall if they was n't nobody with you . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('footing.n.02.basis')
Frequency of Synset('footing.n.02'): 39  (a relation that provides the foundation for something)
	 1.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was observed in the introductory chapter that metropolitan life had split into two trends - expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing exclusiveness in local communal groupings . 
	 4.Example sentence: recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; 

Frequency of Synset('basis.n.02'): 31  (the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or developed or calculated or explained)
	 1.Example sentence: As was said in Gonzales , `` it is the Appeal Board which renders the selective service determination considered ' final ' in the courts , not to be overturned unless there is no basis in fact . 
	 2.Example sentence: On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp . 
	 4.Example sentence: This problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('man.n.03.man')
Frequency of Synset('man.n.01'): 435  (an adult person who is male (as opposed to a woman))
	 1.Example sentence: He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm . 
	 2.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 3.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 4.Example sentence: At first glance , not much of a motive for a man of his standing ; but for all his air of affluence , who could tell what his private financial picture was ? 

Frequency of Synset('serviceman.n.01'): 52  (someone who serves in the armed forces; a member of a military force)
	 1.Example sentence: `` We '' were Bill Garrett of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; Boun My , our interpreter ; and myself . 
	 2.Example sentence: Commands go only from an officer to the man of nearest lower rank . 
	 3.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 
	 4.Example sentence: The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are : ( a ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. . 

Frequency of Synset('man.n.03'): 62  (the generic use of the word to refer to any human being)
	 1.Example sentence: Can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained first-aid man who works full-time on some other assignment ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He said that he had already told the police chief that he did n't know what insurance man had recommended Johnston to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The man 's true reputation is his work '' . 

Frequency of Synset('homo.n.02'): 30  (any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superior intelligence, articulate speech, and erect carriage)
	 1.Example sentence: Whereas the eighteenth century had been a time in which man sought justice , the nineteenth and twentieth have been centuries in which men are satisfied with law . 
	 2.Example sentence: But to me Beckett 's writing had seemed permeated with love for human beings and with a kind of humor that I could reconcile neither with despair nor with nihilism . 
	 3.Example sentence: In hunger stimulates man too the situation is very similar . 
	 4.Example sentence: Strong stress on hunger treats hunger as an additional stimulus , strong stress on stimulates treats stimulation as an additional effect of hunger , strong stress on man treats man as an additional creature who responds to the stimulation of hunger . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('distinguish.v.01.distinguish')
Frequency of Synset('distinguish.v.01'): 29  (mark as different)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? 
	 2.Example sentence: It was , too , an optimistic philosophy , and , though it separated law from morality , it was by no means an immoral or amoral one . 
	 3.Example sentence: Man , we are told , is endowed with reason and is capable of distinguishing good from bad . 
	 4.Example sentence: What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast self enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non Jewish world . 

Frequency of Synset('spot.v.02'): 31  (detect with the senses)
	 1.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 2.Example sentence: And you recognized me '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` But when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times , I knew I had been framed , and withdrew almost at once '' . 

Frequency of Synset('distinguish.v.03'): 17  (be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense)
	 1.Example sentence: He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . 
	 2.Example sentence: The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood . 
	 3.Example sentence: This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says Pasley , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` Belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: But the most impressive testimony to Schnabel 's distinction as a teacher is reflected by the individuality which marks each student 's approach as distinctly his own . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('avoid.v.03.avoid')
Frequency of Synset('avoid.v.01'): 19  (stay clear from; keep away from; keep out of the way of someone or something)
	 1.Example sentence: All through July the Discovery picked her way along the 450 - mile long strait , avoiding ice and rocky islands . 
	 2.Example sentence: The most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings , both positive and negative : a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself ; a desire to avoid and repel this or that other part . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was in order to avoid the stuffy routine of middle class life that Holmes became a detective in the first place . 
	 4.Example sentence: We must avoid the notion , suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned , that ideas are `` units '' in some way comparable to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even , for that matter , from one individual to another . 

Frequency of Synset('debar.v.02'): 27  (prevent the occurrence of; prevent from happening)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin 's funeral . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 3.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 
	 4.Example sentence: Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society ; and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests . 

Frequency of Synset('avoid.v.03'): 18  (refrain from doing something)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? 
	 2.Example sentence: She realized I 'd have to notify the police , but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name . 
	 3.Example sentence: She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done . 
	 4.Example sentence: Open flame heating or cooking should be avoided . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('treat.v.03.treat')
Frequency of Synset('treat.v.01'): 45  (interact in a certain way)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: One thing Papa had not taught Henrietta was how to handle a young man as high-spirited and opinionated as herself . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the pre Civil War years , the South argued that the slave was not less humanely treated than the factory worker of the North . 
	 4.Example sentence: Strong stress on hunger treats hunger as an additional stimulus , strong stress on stimulates treats stimulation as an additional effect of hunger , strong stress on man treats man as an additional creature who responds to the stimulation of hunger . 

Frequency of Synset('process.v.01'): 25  (subject to a process or treatment, with the aim of readying for some purpose, improving, or remedying a condition)
	 1.Example sentence: The paper has a certain value as a comparatively easy introduction to this approach , particularly since it treats a fairly simple and straightforward phenomenon where it is possible to compare it with a more traditional ( though not structural ) statement . 
	 2.Example sentence: But it does not , as it claims , demonstrate that this could not be treated by traditional methods . 
	 3.Example sentence: To be eligible to borrow from a Bank for Cooperatives , a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products , purchasing farm supplies , or furnishing farm business services , and must meet the requirements set forth in the Farm Credit Act of 1933 , as amended . 
	 4.Example sentence: The high cost of land and a few operational problems resulting from excessive loadings have created the need for a wastewater treatment system with the operational characteristics of the oxidation pond but with the ability to treat more organic matter per unit volume . 

Frequency of Synset('treat.v.03'): 17  (provide treatment for)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? 
	 2.Example sentence: In the pre Civil War years , the South argued that the slave was not less humanely treated than the factory worker of the North . 
	 3.Example sentence: Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency , aids in the prevention or treatment ( depending on level fed ) of the early stages of shipping fever , prevents or treats bacterial diarrhea , and aids in reducing incidence of bloat and liver abscesses . 
	 4.Example sentence: To prevent or treat bacterial diarrhea , furnish 0.1 to 5 milligrams per pound of body weight daily . 

Frequency of Synset('cover.v.05'): 63  (act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression)
	 1.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 2.Example sentence: For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the steprelationship . 
	 3.Example sentence: One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : 
	 4.Example sentence: Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('services.n.01.services')
Frequency of Synset('services.n.01'): 29  (performance of duties or provision of space and equipment helpful to others)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you indiscriminantly offering unnecessary medical services - flu shots , sun lamp treatments , etc. ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they 're entitled to . 
	 3.Example sentence: The biggest loss , of course , was the individual 's lessened desire and ability to give his services to the growth of his company and our economy . 
	 4.Example sentence: As to benefits to employees , it is notorious for its callous disregard except where it depends on them for services . 

Frequency of Synset('service.n.01'): 24  (work done by one person or group that benefits another)
	 1.Example sentence: acquire the services of chemists , physicists , engineers , and other personnel by contract or otherwise ; 
	 2.Example sentence: To forestall any change of allegiance , the Democrats hastily organised a testimonial banquet for O ' Banion , as public reward for his past services and as a reminder of where his loyalties lay . 
	 3.Example sentence: Need for service is here to stay - and the problem is going to be tougher to solve in the sixties . 
	 4.Example sentence: Providing good customer service requires as thorough a marketing and general management planning job as the original selling of the product . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('injection.n.03.shot')
Frequency of Synset('shooting.n.01'): 39  (the act of firing a projectile)
	 1.Example sentence: In town no one paid much attention to an occasional shot ; but on the range gunfire had a meaning . 
	 2.Example sentence: As near as Cobb could determine the shots came from the direction of the Antler ranch house . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the first shot Russ had hurled his mount to the left toward the side of the winding draw . 
	 4.Example sentence: His maneuvering for the shot had placed him near the overcast , almost inverted and heading up into the clouds . 

Frequency of Synset('shot.n.02'): 14  (a solid missile discharged from a firearm)
	 1.Example sentence: He had been sighted , and his attacker pumping shot after shot . 
	 2.Example sentence: He had been sighted , and his attacker pumping shot after shot . 
	 3.Example sentence: A shot or two went wild before Cobb felt something tug at his foot . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was not even certain the shot had been fired from either hotel . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sunlight.n.01.sun')
Frequency of Synset('sun.n.01'): 29  (the star that is the source of light and heat for the planets in the solar system)
	 1.Example sentence: Just as thousands that day in Portugal had seen the sun dancing in the sky , he had seen the same thing later in his own garden , and she turned to Agnese for confirmation . 
	 2.Example sentence: When the sea was visible ahead of them , the relief was as great as if the sun had come out . 
	 3.Example sentence: The shapes were unmistakable and the Rising Suns were showing up , slightly brighter pinpoints in the gray gloom . 
	 4.Example sentence: The sun moved slant-wise across the sky and down ; the trees ' shadows circled from street to sidewalk , from sidewalk to lawn . 

Frequency of Synset('sunlight.n.01'): 11  (the rays of the sun)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you indiscriminantly offering unnecessary medical services - flu shots , sun lamp treatments , etc. ? 
	 2.Example sentence: As we stepped out into the sunlight , a man came up to John Cool and silently showed him his hand . 
	 3.Example sentence: It might be that certain people were born with a compulsion to complicate their lives , while others could live blissfully motionless almost indefinitely , like lizards in the sun , too indolent to blink their eyes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then the darkness thinned , and there was light again , and then bright sunlight . 

Frequency of Synset('sunday.n.01'): 33  (first day of the week; observed as a day of rest and worship by most Christians)
	 1.Example sentence: Eager as he was to pursue this promising line , he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and pharmaceutical faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to `` galvanizing '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 3.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 
	 4.Example sentence: His letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on Sunday , and I came into the lobby as the clock struck twelve . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('treatment.n.01.treatment')
Frequency of Synset('treatment.n.01'): 28  (care provided to improve a situation (especially medical procedures or applications that are intended to relieve illness or injury))
	 1.Example sentence: Are you indiscriminantly offering unnecessary medical services - flu shots , sun lamp treatments , etc. ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Shortly after the beginning of Sherman 's Georgia campaign , an ailing Yank wrote his homefolk : `` The surgeon insisted on Sending me to the hospital for treatment . 
	 3.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency , aids in the prevention or treatment ( depending on level fed ) of the early stages of shipping fever , prevents or treats bacterial diarrhea , and aids in reducing incidence of bloat and liver abscesses . 

Frequency of Synset('treatment.n.02'): 26  (the management of someone or something)
	 1.Example sentence: The result has been neglect , fumbling efforts , or superficial treatment . 
	 2.Example sentence: The treatment seems unnecessarily loose jointed and complex , largely because the method is lax and the analysis seems never to be pushed to a satisfactory or even a consistent stopping-point . 
	 3.Example sentence: Sarason et al. present evidence that the anxious child will suffer in the test like situation , and that his performance will be impaired unless he receives supporting and accepting treatment from the teacher . 
	 4.Example sentence: It may be that in this comment he has broken from the conventional pattern more violently than in any other regard , for the treatment in his books is far removed from even the genial irony of Ellen Glasgow , who was the only important novelist before him to challenge the conventional picture of planter society . 

Frequency of Synset('discussion.n.01'): 29  (an extended communication (often interactive) dealing with some particular topic)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . 
	 3.Example sentence: A few of his examples are of very great interest , and the whole discussion of some importance for theory . 
	 4.Example sentence: But the discussion was academic . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('afford.v.01.afford')
Frequency of Synset('afford.v.01'): 24  (be able to spare or give up)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: They could no longer afford the luxury of the canvas sweat bag that cooled it by evaporation . 
	 3.Example sentence: Corporations are apt by nature to be impersonal , inhumane , shortsighted and almost exclusively profit motivated , a picture they could scarcely afford to present to the public . 
	 4.Example sentence: And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you did n't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy , the chump who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he could n't afford and the too shiny shoes . 

Frequency of Synset('yield.v.01'): 176  (be the cause or source of)
	 1.Example sentence: Not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage . 
	 2.Example sentence: A Yankee sergeant gave the following description of his sweetheart : `` My girl is none of your one-horse girls . 
	 3.Example sentence: A Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of diarrhoea : `` I have bin a little sick with diorah two or three days . 
	 4.Example sentence: The PM might show he drowned instead , but that 's what the once-over-lightly gives us . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('spend.v.02.spend')
Frequency of Synset('spend.v.01'): 99  (pass time in a specific way)
	 1.Example sentence: He thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth . 
	 2.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 
	 3.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although Brooklyn College does not yet have a junior year abroad program , a good number of students spend summers in Europe . 

Frequency of Synset('spend.v.02'): 39  (pay out)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 3.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was no telling how she 'd react to spending money '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('establish.v.01.set_up')
Frequency of Synset('establish.v.01'): 69  (set up or found)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 3.Example sentence: We would establish no censorship . 
	 4.Example sentence: Two data centers have been established for the collection , indexing , critical evaluation , and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections . 

Frequency of Synset('assemble.v.01'): 15  (create by putting components or members together)
	 1.Example sentence: assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature , both domestic and foreign , and issue bibliographical data with respect thereto ; 
	 2.Example sentence: After years of digging , nights and weekends , he put together the big , profusely illustrated book , Of Garryowen and Glory , which is probably the most complete history of any military unit . 
	 3.Example sentence: Let us now put some flesh on the theoretical bones we have assembled by giving illustrations of roleplaying used for evaluation and analysis . 
	 4.Example sentence: When an evaluative situation is set up , and no concern is with the details that lead to an over-all estimate , we say that roleplaying is used for evaluation . 

Frequency of Synset('raise.v.09'): 18  (construct, build, or erect)
	 1.Example sentence: Will your local bus company erect and / or maintain the bus stops at your plant ? 
	 2.Example sentence: It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; it did not even provide the architect 's plan for anything new . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Maguire family was setting up a separate camp nearby . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1918 the New England Telephone Company began erecting a building to house its operations on the corner of U. S. Rte. 7 and what is now Memorial Avenue at Manchester Center . 

Frequency of Synset('arrange.v.01'): 13  (put into a proper or systematic order)
	 1.Example sentence: He went to his cabin and emerged carrying a large chart , which he set up in view of the crew . 
	 2.Example sentence: But his hands and those of Donovan moved automatically adjusting and arranging in the check-out procedure . 
	 3.Example sentence: The rating scale of compulsivity was constructed by first perusing the interview records , categorizing all evidence related to compulsivity , then arranging a distribution of such information apart from the case records . 
	 4.Example sentence: This behavior on her part subsided only after I had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between , on the one hand , her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking , or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others , and on the other hand , my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections , bringing my big easy chair with me , usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state , and plunking myself down in my chair - in short , behaving as if I owned her room . 

Frequency of Synset('effect.v.01'): 17  (produce)
	 1.Example sentence: During the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line , thus allowing light to pass into the camera . 
	 2.Example sentence: He concludes that some changes can made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness , but hesitates to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes . 
	 3.Example sentence: establish and operate necessary facilities and test sites at which to carry on the continuous research , testing , development , and programming necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Act ; 
	 4.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior may issue rules and regulations to effectuate the purposes of this Act . 

Frequency of Synset('install.v.01'): 34  (set up for use)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . 
	 2.Example sentence: After all , if you were going to set up a workshop you had to have the proper equipment and that was that . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Now '' , he said , `` we got to put in some outlets for them power tools ; then a couple of fluorescent lamps over the workbench an ' I guess we 're about through down here '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: If the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system must be installed , check into the cost of making these improvements . 

Frequency of Synset('fix.v.12'): 49  (make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus at the same time that William Henry Harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe , Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thorpe came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty . 
	 4.Example sentence: They found it at the junction between Troops H and G , and prepared to counterattack . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('merely.r.01.simply')
Frequency of Synset('merely.r.01'): 443  (and nothing more)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . 
	 3.Example sentence: Above all , do n't set up extravagant fringe benefits just to buy employee good will . 
	 4.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 

Frequency of Synset('just.r.04'): 38  (absolutely)
	 1.Example sentence: `` So I just scooted out of his clutches . 
	 2.Example sentence: I was so scared , well , I just ran to my car and came here '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The identification of the basic unit of religious organization - the parish or congregation - with a residential area is self defeating in a modern metropolis , for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the Christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to co-optation . 
	 4.Example sentence: Grudges simply do not keep that well in a sane mind . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('even.r.01.even')
Frequency of Synset('even.r.01'): 386  (used as an intensive especially to indicate something unexpected)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: Even two or three years ago I doubt that she 'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 3.Example sentence: Even Hudson , experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was , must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames . 
	 4.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 

Frequency of Synset('even.r.02'): 13  (in spite of; notwithstanding)
	 1.Example sentence: Of course , these works are not comparable , even though the same brain conceived them . 
	 2.Example sentence: There is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Fisher Body division , long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock , followed an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its purchases from du Pont `` compared favorably '' with purchases by other General Motors divisions . 
	 4.Example sentence: If * * f leads to an address * * f that is equal to the address computed from * * f , even though * * f does not match * * f , the chain of information cells is extended from * * f by storing the address of the next available cell in the Y-region , * * f , in * * f . 

Frequency of Synset('even.r.03'): 37  (to a greater degree or extent; used with comparisons)
	 1.Example sentence: Still another , annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive , wrote : `` Yore letter was short and sweet , jist like a roasted maget '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: When it was followed by a second , whining even closer , Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still another boy asserted : `` To be a good Jew is to do no wrong ; it 's to be a good person '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Still another suggested that he would join a temple `` for social reasons , since I 'll be living in a suburb '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hire.v.01.employ')
Frequency of Synset('use.v.01'): 696  (put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you using the most economical printing methods , paper , etc. . 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? 

Frequency of Synset('hire.v.01'): 49  (engage or hire for work)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1609 , the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson , gave him two learned geographers , fitted him out with a ship called the Half Moon , and supplied him with Dutch sailors . 
	 3.Example sentence: His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses , employed at night by a sugar producer . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('like.a.02.same')
Frequency of Synset('same.a.01'): 124  (same in identity)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1602 , George Waymouth , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . 
	 3.Example sentence: But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 

Frequency of Synset('same.a.02'): 78  (closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or quantity or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . 
	 2.Example sentence: A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 4.Example sentence: It appears to us that the same reasoning applies to the production of the hearing officer 's report and notes at the trial . 

Frequency of Synset('like.a.02'): 21  (equal in amount or value)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: These 1750 cases were carted off in a one night operation by the O ' Banion men , who left in their stead the same number of barrels filled with water . 
	 3.Example sentence: We assume that average total unit cost in the relevant region of operation is constant with respect to quantity produced ( the average cost curve is horizontal , and therefore is identical with the marginal cost curve ) , and is the same for every firm ( and therefore for the industry ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: And here again we hear the same refrain mentioned above : `` The paramount goal of the United States , set long ago , was to guard the rights of the individual , ensure his development , enlarge his opportunity '' . 

Frequency of Synset('same.s.04'): 17  (unchanged in character or nature)
	 1.Example sentence: Each time his objective had been the same - a direct water passage from Western Europe to the Far East . 
	 2.Example sentence: an Ah coudn ansuh him an so Ah said ' Aw right , Ah gay-ess , an his fathuh did n uttuh one wohd an aftuh Huhmun was gone , the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink t ' gethuh f ' ovuh a yeah , onleh an occasional one , but just the same it was behahn mah back , an Ah doa n think thet 's nahce at all , d ' you '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: The key to the world of geology is change ; nothing remains the same . 
	 4.Example sentence: He turned his head to the source of the disturbance and instantly back to the window and his rifle sight , dismissing Hoag for the moment with the same contempt he had shown in their encounter at Hoag 's apartment . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('product.n.02.product')
Frequency of Synset('merchandise.n.01'): 52  (commodities offered for sale)
	 1.Example sentence: Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A. M. A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you did n't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you did n't bathe . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: Where the industry 's product price has been kept below the `` profit maximizing '' and `` entry limiting '' prices due to fears of public reaction , the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands . 
	 4.Example sentence: For the purposes of setting the product price , the industry behaves as a single entity . 

Frequency of Synset('product.n.02'): 31  (an artifact that has been created by someone or some process)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 3.Example sentence: Similar measurements are being initiated to resolve a large discrepancy in the heat of formation of another important combustion product , beryllium fluoride . 
	 4.Example sentence: All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fact.n.01.fact')
Frequency of Synset('fact.n.01'): 78  (a piece of information about circumstances that exist or events that have occurred)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: Also , reserve the right to demand proof of death despite the fact that you 'll probably never use it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Moreover , his testimony at trial never developed any such facts . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 

Frequency of Synset('fact.n.02'): 34  (a statement or assertion of verified information about something that is the case or has happened)
	 1.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 
	 2.Example sentence: Added to the argument was the fact that while she might have tasted the coffee if it had been still hot , she might even have drunk some of it , she would n't have taken enough to kill her , for she would have been warned by its taste . 
	 3.Example sentence: Some distribution costs are kept up by competitive pressure , some by the fact that the customers have come to expect certain niceties and flourishes . 
	 4.Example sentence: We have seen good new products shelved because no one had the assignment to develop such facts and plans - and management could n't make up its mind . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('force.n.04.force')
Frequency of Synset('force.n.01'): 27  (a powerful effect or influence)
	 1.Example sentence: Particularly was this true when the norms previously applied were no longer satisfactory to many , when customs were rapidly changing as the forces of the new productivity were harnessed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis . 

Frequency of Synset('force.n.02'): 20  ((physics) the influence that produces a change in a physical quantity)
	 1.Example sentence: Chapter 8 , is entitled `` On Magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces . 
	 2.Example sentence: There , forces are more latent than in electricity , and less than in magnetism . 
	 3.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 
	 4.Example sentence: By that , one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces . 

Frequency of Synset('force.n.03'): 14  (physical energy or intensity)
	 1.Example sentence: Considering the high cost of the F-108 system - over $ 4 billion for the force that had been planned - and the time period in which it would become operational , it was decided to stop further work on the project . 
	 2.Example sentence: If he condemns the recent or the present , he condemns the past with no less force . 
	 3.Example sentence: The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity . 
	 4.Example sentence: Actually , there was a lot of force in him , which is why I kept on in that class instead of quitting after a week . 

Frequency of Synset('force.n.04'): 42  (group of people willing to obey orders)
	 1.Example sentence: How old is your working force ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The Pathet Lao forces held two northern provinces and openly took the offensive in three more . 
	 3.Example sentence: These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top , six directly under him , six under each of these , and so on until there are six levels of personnel . 
	 4.Example sentence: The girls are prone to dress far more flamboyantly than their counterparts out of town , and eye shadow , mascara , and elaborate bouffant hairdos - despite the admonitions of cautious guidance personnel - are not unknown even in early morning classes . 

Frequency of Synset('violence.n.01'): 18  (an act of aggression (as one against a person who resists))
	 1.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 
	 2.Example sentence: Now they learn that men can change their surroundings , through their traditional village elders , without violence . 
	 3.Example sentence: Many Americans reacted irrationally to the challenge of Russia and turned to the repression of ideas by force . 
	 4.Example sentence: He conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the Sicilians , but he had his huge North Side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('section.n.03.section')
Frequency of Synset('section.n.01'): 43  (a self-contained part of a larger composition (written or musical))
	 1.Example sentence: Section 6 ( j ) of the Act , as we have held , does require the Department 's recommendation to be placed in a registrant 's file . 
	 2.Example sentence: In carrying out his functions under section 2 of this Act , the Secretary may - 
	 3.Example sentence: All moneys received from dispositions under this section shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts ) 
	 4.Example sentence: Section 4 of the joint resolution of September 2 , 1958 ( 72 Stat. 1707 ; 42 U. S. C. 1958 ( d ) ) , is hereby amended to read : 

Frequency of Synset('section.n.02'): 31  (a very thin slice (of tissue or mineral or other substance) for examination under a microscope)
	 1.Example sentence: In February , 1959 , during the second admission to The New York Hospital , a biopsy specimen of the left gastrocnemius showed striking increase in the sarcolemmal sheath nuclei and shrunken muscle fibers in several sections . 
	 2.Example sentence: Microscopically , sections from the posterior base of the left ventricle of the heart showed several large areas of replacement of muscle by fibrous tissue . 
	 3.Example sentence: In addition , other sections contained focal areas of recent myocardial necrosis that were infiltrated with neutrophils . 
	 4.Example sentence: A section of the colon revealed intense hyperemia and extensive focal ulcerations of the mucosa , associated with much fibrin and many neutrophils . 

Frequency of Synset('section.n.03'): 11  (a distinct region or subdivision of a territorial or political area or community or group of people)
	 1.Example sentence: In what section of the country are you located ? 
	 2.Example sentence: It is true that New England , more than any other section , was dedicated to education from the start . 
	 3.Example sentence: The structured schools were in an industrial city , with three family tenement houses typical of the residential areas , but with one rather sizable section of middle-class homes . 
	 4.Example sentence: It rested its decision solely on 7 , which reads in pertinent part : `` [ N ] o corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce . 

Frequency of Synset('section.n.04'): 14  (one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object)
	 1.Example sentence: His burst held for a second on the engine section of the plane . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pre shaped corrugated metal sections or pre-cast concrete can be used for shelters either above or below ground . 
	 3.Example sentence: In spite of the increase in numbers and prestige brought about by the conversions of Newman and other Tractarians of the 1840 's and 1850 's , the Catholic segment of England one hundred years ago was a very small one ( four per cent , or 800000 ) which did not enjoy a gracious hearing from the general public . 
	 4.Example sentence: The square has one corner point on the straight line segment , and does not lie entirely in the interior . 

Frequency of Synset('part.n.09'): 14  (one of the portions into which something is regarded as divided and which together constitute a whole)
	 1.Example sentence: Within a few years various du Pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of General Motors ' eight operating divisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Fisher Body division , long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock , followed an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its purchases from du Pont `` compared favorably '' with purchases by other General Motors divisions . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Fisher Body division , long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock , followed an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its purchases from du Pont `` compared favorably '' with purchases by other General Motors divisions . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , the dictionary is divided into at least two parts : 

Frequency of Synset('department.n.01'): 28  (a specialized division of a large organization)
	 1.Example sentence: Have the insurance company or your own accounting department break down the cost of your insurance package periodically . 
	 2.Example sentence: If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . 
	 3.Example sentence: There is a need for an expanded Federal effort to provide research and information to help guide state education departments and local school boards in existing programs . 
	 4.Example sentence: This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('country.n.02.country')
Frequency of Synset('state.n.04'): 122  (a politically organized body of people under a single government)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 

Frequency of Synset('country.n.02'): 34  (the territory occupied by a nation)
	 1.Example sentence: In what section of the country are you located ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 3.Example sentence: He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory . 
	 4.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 

Frequency of Synset('nation.n.02'): 23  (the people who live in a nation or country)
	 1.Example sentence: He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory . 
	 2.Example sentence: Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Admirably written , it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries . 
	 4.Example sentence: You might say we are in the nation building business '' . 

Frequency of Synset('area.n.01'): 149  (a particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually serving some special purpose or distinguished by its people or culture or geography))
	 1.Example sentence: Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and / or industrial patterns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: After three weeks ' swift sailing , however , the ship entered an area of shallow marshes and river deltas . 
	 3.Example sentence: They spread over an area no larger than Oregon ; yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonians . 
	 4.Example sentence: Two uniformed officers , a couple of plain-clothesmen I knew , and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('factor.n.01.factor')
Frequency of Synset('factor.n.01'): 31  (anything that contributes causally to a result)
	 1.Example sentence: These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: Several factors contributed to this change . 
	 3.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 4.Example sentence: In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . 

Frequency of Synset('component.n.01'): 63  (an abstract part of something)
	 1.Example sentence: Younger men usually do n't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they 're liable to change jobs several times before settling down . 
	 2.Example sentence: The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a mobile society , congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment ; this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation - like elements will have to be assimilated . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('difference.n.01.difference')
Frequency of Synset('difference.n.01'): 72  (the quality of being unlike or dissimilar)
	 1.Example sentence: These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is true , that nothing has been found comparable with electricity by communication ; but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference . 
	 4.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` folksy spirit '' of Protestant religious life ; in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish . 

Frequency of Synset('deviation.n.01'): 20  (a variation that deviates from the standard or norm)
	 1.Example sentence: The Brooklyn College student shows some striking departures from prevailing collegiate models . 
	 2.Example sentence: Another effect discovered is the large coefficient of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences straddling the nitrogen dissociation region are present . 
	 3.Example sentence: With tone , individual differences may be greater than the linguistic contrasts which are superimposed on them . 
	 4.Example sentence: Pitch differences from one speaker to another , or from one emotional state to another , may far exceed the small differences between tones . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('merely.r.01.just')
Frequency of Synset('merely.r.01'): 443  (and nothing more)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . 
	 3.Example sentence: Above all , do n't set up extravagant fringe benefits just to buy employee good will . 
	 4.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 

Frequency of Synset('precisely.r.01'): 140  (indicating exactness or preciseness)
	 1.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . 
	 3.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 
	 4.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 

Frequency of Synset('just.r.03'): 50  (only a moment ago)
	 1.Example sentence: `` He 's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. Meeker apparently died from suffocation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 3.Example sentence: Just as it was being hauled inboard , a sea hit the ship . 
	 4.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 

Frequency of Synset('just.r.04'): 38  (absolutely)
	 1.Example sentence: `` So I just scooted out of his clutches . 
	 2.Example sentence: I was so scared , well , I just ran to my car and came here '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The identification of the basic unit of religious organization - the parish or congregation - with a residential area is self defeating in a modern metropolis , for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the Christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to co-optation . 
	 4.Example sentence: Grudges simply do not keep that well in a sane mind . 

Frequency of Synset('barely.r.01'): 67  (only a very short time before; ; ; ; ; - W.B.Yeats)
	 1.Example sentence: Gustaf Vasa is a superb example , and Charles 10 , , the conqueror of Denmark , hardly less so . 
	 2.Example sentence: But these comments are hardly printable . 
	 3.Example sentence: What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast self enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non Jewish world . 
	 4.Example sentence: Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('prefer.v.01.prefer')
Frequency of Synset('prefer.v.01'): 21  (like better; value more highly)
	 1.Example sentence: Unions stress fringe benefits , but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time . 
	 2.Example sentence: Greene was in actuality a young ruffian from Kent , who had broken with his parents in order to keep the company he preferred - pimps , panders and whores . 
	 3.Example sentence: Some people have luck and some have no luck and that , whatever people who prefer order say , is the size of it . 
	 4.Example sentence: I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected , who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith . 

Frequency of Synset('choose.v.02'): 35  (select as an alternative over another)
	 1.Example sentence: How right he was ; how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism . 
	 2.Example sentence: That Prokofieff 's harmonies and forms sometimes seem professionally routine to our ears , may or may not indicate that he was less of an `` original '' than we prefer to believe . 
	 3.Example sentence: This behavior on her part subsided only after I had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between , on the one hand , her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking , or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others , and on the other hand , my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections , bringing my big easy chair with me , usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state , and plunking myself down in my chair - in short , behaving as if I owned her room . 
	 4.Example sentence: Most species seem to prefer a ready-made hollow such as a deserted mouse nest , a bird house , or the hole made by a woodpecker ; some show a definite liking for making their nest in moss . 

Frequency of Synset('prefer.v.03'): 18  (promote over another)
	 1.Example sentence: But he could not have done so , could not have found the way , had fortune favored him . 
	 2.Example sentence: And because fortune had favored neither the prisoner nor the red haired captain , they would be each other 's undoing . 
	 3.Example sentence: There were rumors that the Ministry of the Interior favored an arbitrary , `` non-political '' process , which were indirectly affirmed when the King personally intervened in the planned meetings . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the central level the scrutin uninominal voting system was selected over some form of the scrutin de liste system , even though the latter had been recommended by Duverger and favored by all political parties . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('aim.v.02.aim')
Frequency of Synset('aim.v.01'): 13  (point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards)
	 1.Example sentence: First , the student trains on his hapless parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Phillips took a razor to Gonzalez , Prop. , but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome . 
	 3.Example sentence: But if there was evidence at the Trial that aimed over Eichmann 's head at his collaborators in the societies where he functioned , the press seems to have missed it . 
	 4.Example sentence: I took it . 

Frequency of Synset('aim.v.02'): 14  (propose or intend)
	 1.Example sentence: Aim to balance your employee benefit package . 
	 2.Example sentence: Today many college bound students try to take a course in personal typing , as they feel a certain degree of mastery of this skill is almost essential for one who proposes to do academic work in college and a professional school . 
	 3.Example sentence: The artist , unlike the philosopher , is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and rarified high levels of abstraction . 
	 4.Example sentence: These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer 's vocabulary is based on Swadesh 's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined . 

Frequency of Synset('target.v.01'): 18  (intend (something) to move towards a certain goal)
	 1.Example sentence: Moreover , the hearing officer 's report is but intradepartmental , is directed to the Attorney General and , of course , is not the recommendation of the Department . 
	 2.Example sentence: But it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology . 
	 3.Example sentence: But , in general , we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other . 
	 4.Example sentence: In June 1845 , the Governor and Council of Assiniboia imposed a 20 per cent duty on imports via Hudson's Bay which were viewed as aimed at the `` very vitals of the Company 's trade and power '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('go.v.02.go')
Frequency of Synset('travel.v.01'): 375  (change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically)
	 1.Example sentence: He thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth . 
	 2.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1800 , Manthey went abroad and Oersted was appointed manager of the Lion Pharmacy . 
	 4.Example sentence: A third remarked of slowness of Southerners : `` They moved about from corner to corner , as uneasy as a litter of hungry leaches on the neck of a wooden god '' . 

Frequency of Synset('go.v.02'): 107  (follow a procedure or take a course)
	 1.Example sentence: Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe - say a liberal retirement plan - and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . 
	 2.Example sentence: Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . 
	 3.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Go through his pockets , will you ? 

Frequency of Synset('go.v.03'): 52  (move away from a place into another direction)
	 1.Example sentence: Time to go , I supposed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pat let him go , following more leisurely . 
	 3.Example sentence: You go ' n ' have a look round for it '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 

Frequency of Synset('become.v.01'): 467  (enter or assume a certain state or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Even two or three years ago I doubt that she 'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: The theory of international law , which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in Europe and America , broke this unity and this universality . 
	 3.Example sentence: Indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . 
	 4.Example sentence: A Texan wrote to a male companion at home : `` What has become of Halda and Laura ? 

Frequency of Synset('go.v.05'): 13  (be awarded; be allotted)
	 1.Example sentence: He skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park , Medfield Hospital , the civic center , the Public Health Nursing Association , the library , and so on , pausing when he came to the scholarship fund . 
	 2.Example sentence: But if Joyce got involved in murder or salacious scandal , the role would probably go to the sponsor 's wife , Mrs. Oatnut Grits . 
	 3.Example sentence: In I know one thing dominant stress is likely to go to one rather than to semantically pale thing . 
	 4.Example sentence: As he went out he told Freddie the dinner was perfect , and when he got his hat and coat from Nancy Parks and put a fifty-piece piece in the slot , he told her to be sure that it went toward her dowry . 

Frequency of Synset('run.v.05'): 20  (have a particular form)
	 1.Example sentence: In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by Thayer , who could charge off one room on his expense account . 
	 2.Example sentence: Demagogues of this sort found communist bogeys lurking behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped notions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Interruptions came largely from the bench , which numerous times rebuked the Attorney General for letting his witnesses run on , though it , too , made no serious effort to choke off the flow . 
	 4.Example sentence: One day in a bar , so the legend goes , someone put a beer stein with too much force on the monocle and broke it . 

Frequency of Synset('run.v.03'): 67  (stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point)
	 1.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 2.Example sentence: There 's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
	 4.Example sentence: A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . 

Frequency of Synset('proceed.v.04'): 12  (follow a certain course)
	 1.Example sentence: Because the body contains so much liquid , transmission of ultrasonic signals proceeds fairly well in muscles and blood vessels . 
	 2.Example sentence: Sonuvabitch , I can n't figure out what in hell for they went and put niggers in my squad for . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had retained his hat and his horn , and , whatever fun might still be going , he was ready to join it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Their curiosity went happily out of bounds . 

Frequency of Synset('sound.v.02'): 14  (make a certain noise or sound)
	 1.Example sentence: A split second later , the distant crack of a rifle had sounded . 
	 2.Example sentence: Andy Ross had just started swinging an ax at his second willow when the distant blast of a rifle sounded . 
	 3.Example sentence: Let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on the first . 
	 4.Example sentence: Must records always sound like records ? 

Frequency of Synset('function.v.01'): 69  (perform as expected when applied)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 
	 3.Example sentence: Where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention . 
	 4.Example sentence: They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . 

Frequency of Synset('survive.v.01'): 60  (continue to live through hardship or adversity)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Where there was no road , they lived without one . 
	 3.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 

Frequency of Synset('die.v.01'): 133  (pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life)
	 1.Example sentence: `` He 's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. Meeker apparently died from suffocation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven o ' clock dinner . 
	 3.Example sentence: But he plunges into yet another , this time with Norway , and is killed in an assault on the fortress of Fredrikshall , being only thirty-six years of age when he died . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('type.n.01.type')
Frequency of Synset('type.n.01'): 135  (a subdivision of a particular kind of thing)
	 1.Example sentence: Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe - say a liberal retirement plan - and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . 
	 2.Example sentence: The most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives . 
	 3.Example sentence: An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` They thout I was a saint . 
	 4.Example sentence: Her impact in the ZING commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series , Underwater Western Eye , a documentary type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits . 

Frequency of Synset('character.n.05'): 11  (a person of a specified kind (usually with many eccentricities))
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: Brooklyn College is unequivocally Jewish in tone , and efforts to detribalize the college by bringing in unimpeachably midwestern types on the faculty have been unavailing . 
	 3.Example sentence: Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and - especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair - into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . 
	 4.Example sentence: He said he was the lonely type and working in a cellar you saw funny things coming out of the cracks in the wall if they was n't nobody with you . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('suppose.v.01.say')
Frequency of Synset('state.v.01'): 1947  (express in words)
	 1.Example sentence: `` That damn door '' , said the police chief . 
	 2.Example sentence: He scooped up the receiver and said , `` Police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` Oh yes , Mr. Benson . 
	 3.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 4.Example sentence: At last he said , `` Well , thank you for calling , Mr. Benson . 

Frequency of Synset('allege.v.01'): 219  (report or maintain)
	 1.Example sentence: `` He 's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. Meeker apparently died from suffocation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven o ' clock dinner . 
	 3.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 4.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 

Frequency of Synset('suppose.v.01'): 60  (express a supposition)
	 1.Example sentence: Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe - say a liberal retirement plan - and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most of them this past year , I 'd say . 
	 3.Example sentence: Time to go , I supposed . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , suppose a man wearing a $ 200 watch , driving a 1959 Rolls Royce , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` What time is it '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('read.v.02'): 25  (have or contain a certain wording or form)
	 1.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Act of July 3 , 1952 ( 66 Stat. 328 ) as amended ( 42 U. S. C. 1952 - 1958 ) , is further amended to read as follows : 
	 2.Example sentence: Section 4 of the joint resolution of September 2 , 1958 ( 72 Stat. 1707 ; 42 U. S. C. 1958 ( d ) ) , is hereby amended to read : 
	 3.Example sentence: It rested its decision solely on 7 , which reads in pertinent part : `` [ N ] o corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce . 
	 4.Example sentence: After a short time , both George and Donald joined the class with me so they would n't feel lonely , and we used to hang a sign on the door of the Brush-off reading `` out to work '' . 

Frequency of Synset('order.v.01'): 83  (give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority)
	 1.Example sentence: Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so . 
	 3.Example sentence: Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so . 
	 4.Example sentence: Who told you to do it ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('plan.n.01.plan')
Frequency of Synset('plan.n.01'): 158  (a series of steps to be carried out or goals to be accomplished)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you try to maintain the principle of employee contributed ( as opposed to fully company paid ) programs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . 
	 3.Example sentence: These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program . 
	 4.Example sentence: Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe - say a liberal retirement plan - and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . 

Frequency of Synset('design.n.02'): 22  (an arrangement scheme)
	 1.Example sentence: In this case also the design of the thermometer can be modified to reduce the helium film flow . 
	 2.Example sentence: The design of orthographies has received much less attention from linguists than the problem deserves . 
	 3.Example sentence: This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design . 
	 4.Example sentence: We need many more studies of this sort if the design of written languages is to be put on a sound basis . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('find.v.13.find')
Frequency of Synset('find.v.01'): 165  (come upon, as if by accident; meet with)
	 1.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 2.Example sentence: But since 1927 , researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information . 
	 3.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self . 

Frequency of Synset('detect.v.01'): 230  (discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of)
	 1.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since , though . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.03'): 80  (come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost)
	 1.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 2.Example sentence: Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he had n't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he had n't found it . 
	 3.Example sentence: In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this changed world , Prokofieff settled to find himself , and to create for large national purpose . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.01'): 167  (establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 3.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.05'): 185  (come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds)
	 1.Example sentence: Some companies find a little imagination helpful . 
	 2.Example sentence: Arthur Williams 's might well have been included , he felt . 
	 3.Example sentence: By that , one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces . 
	 4.Example sentence: Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . 

Frequency of Synset('witness.v.02'): 167  (perceive or be contemporaneous with)
	 1.Example sentence: He finds it in utter misery and desolation . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 3.Example sentence: This we might well witness '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 

Frequency of Synset('line_up.v.02'): 37  (get something or somebody for a specific purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: But men willing to sail at all into waters where wooden ships could be crushed like eggs were hard to find . 
	 2.Example sentence: Young Morris , who , while attending the University of Pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write Henrietta twenty page letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of Sarah Bernhardt in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` Sulamith '' on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati . 
	 3.Example sentence: Curt doubted that any animal belonging to Jess would find much reassurance in its owner 's voice . 
	 4.Example sentence: But time is running out , and many of Stravinsky 's admirers begin to fear that he will never find terra firma . 

Frequency of Synset('discover.v.03'): 52  (make a discovery, make a new finding)
	 1.Example sentence: In the following year , 1803 , Oersted , simultaneously with Davy , discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts . 
	 2.Example sentence: His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . 
	 3.Example sentence: They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction . 
	 4.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 

Frequency of Synset('discover.v.04'): 38  (make a discovery)
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? 
	 3.Example sentence: He had found Curt 's weakness , or what to Jess was a weakness , and was smart enough to take advantage of it . 
	 4.Example sentence: She tried to think of his unpredictable actions in the eleven years she had known him and discovered they were n't so many after all . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.10'): 13  (obtain through effort or management)
	 1.Example sentence: This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . 
	 2.Example sentence: May we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security ? 
	 3.Example sentence: `` A lot of people are so peculiar that they do n't like cats , it 's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens - and , damn it , you know very well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away ! 
	 4.Example sentence: How in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business , raise a family , be on half a dozen boards , work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a bulging brief case ? 

Frequency of Synset('rule.v.04'): 17  (decide on and make a declaration about)
	 1.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 2.Example sentence: Petitioner was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months ' imprisonment . 
	 3.Example sentence: We found in Gonzales v. United States , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.02'): 119  (receive a specified treatment (abstract))
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Humor found many modes of expression . 
	 3.Example sentence: A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 

Frequency of Synset('recover.v.01'): 23  (get or find back; recover the use of)
	 1.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual re-living of experience , in which the imagining person recovers through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself . 
	 3.Example sentence: When he regained consciousness he was in Lord 's house , in the office of Doctor Lord , the deputy 's deceased father . 
	 4.Example sentence: This approach requires that : ( 1 ) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries , and ( 2 ) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be synthesized into a description of the particular word . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fuss.n.02.trouble')
Frequency of Synset('trouble.n.01'): 35  (a source of difficulty)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two martinis for lunch - that was the trouble . 
	 3.Example sentence: The trouble here is that it 's almost too easy to take the high moral ground when it does n't cost you anything . 
	 4.Example sentence: The only trouble was that he himself was tied up on the school job . 

Frequency of Synset('fuss.n.02'): 15  (an angry disturbance)
	 1.Example sentence: They 're asking for union trouble . 
	 2.Example sentence: The trouble was at least partly Juet 's doing . 
	 3.Example sentence: It 's so much trouble , I do n't usually bother '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: After a time , it occurred to her that her thoughts were not worth the trouble . 

Frequency of Synset('trouble.n.03'): 11  (an event causing distress or pain)
	 1.Example sentence: He wanted to show the town what happened to anyone who tried to start trouble '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` You 're in for trouble '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: He stepped into the dugout , wondering why Deegan was always looking for trouble . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` They 're looking for trouble '' . 

Frequency of Synset('trouble.n.04'): 24  (an effort that is inconvenient)
	 1.Example sentence: With difficulty , Hudson persuaded him to rejoin the ship , and they sailed from Iceland . 
	 2.Example sentence: Apparently he never took the trouble to find out . 
	 3.Example sentence: The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure , the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses , the one who goes the farthest to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort . 
	 4.Example sentence: We do n't none of us want no trouble . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('want.v.02.want')
Frequency of Synset('desire.v.01'): 394  (feel or have a desire for; want strongly)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin 's funeral . 
	 2.Example sentence: She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; particularly the scholarship fund . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: First , they wanted to clarify a tantalizing , bizarre enigma . 

Frequency of Synset('want.v.02'): 115  (have need of)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they 're entitled to . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('let.v.02.let')
Frequency of Synset('let.v.01'): 309  (make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 

Frequency of Synset('let.v.02'): 14  (actively cause something to happen)
	 1.Example sentence: If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they 're entitled to . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thirty years ' experience let him know , even at this early stage , that Black was his man . 
	 3.Example sentence: But let us not complain of the evils of capitalism by referring to a form that is not truly capitalistic . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sergeant Early let the new CO know just how lucky he was to be in the best troop in the best regiment in the United States Army . 

Frequency of Synset('permit.v.01'): 103  (consent to, give permission)
	 1.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim - all in violation of the Fifth Amendment . 
	 3.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 4.Example sentence: No questions , statements , or explanations are permitted - only commands . 

Frequency of Synset('get.v.03'): 144  (cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Have the insurance company or your own accounting department break down the cost of your insurance package periodically . 
	 2.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure , the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses , the one who goes the farthest to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort . 
	 4.Example sentence: Really he had Mr. Skyros at bay . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('exert.v.01.exercise')
Frequency of Synset('exert.v.01'): 26  (put to use)
	 1.Example sentence: Encourage them to exercise their benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise vigilance over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home . 
	 3.Example sentence: The images themselves , like their counterparts in experience , are not neutral qualities to be surveyed dispassionately ; they are fields of force exerting a unique influence on the sensibilities and a unique relatedness to one another . 
	 4.Example sentence: The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it . 

Frequency of Synset('practice.v.01'): 42  (carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions)
	 1.Example sentence: `` What does he have in mind to do when he graduates '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: And most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a small way this is illustrated by the nineteenth century novelist who argued for the powerful influence of literature as a teacher of society and who illustrated this with the way a girl learned to meet her lover , how to behave , how to think about this new experience , how to exercise restraint . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mrs. Trempler was tuberculosis , Mrs. Surcliffe was Mothers ' March of Dimes , Mrs. Craven was cancer , and Mrs. Gilkson did the kidney . 

Frequency of Synset('exercise.v.03'): 12  (give a workout to)
	 1.Example sentence: Criminals , as well as model citizens , exercise their minds . 
	 2.Example sentence: We 'll work out about an hour on Saturday , then we 'll work Monday and Tuesday of next week , then taper off '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Most Europeans have been exercising newborn infants for centuries . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: Henri has always had shapely legs from swimming and water skiing and really does n't have to work them very much . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('narrative.n.01.story')
Frequency of Synset('narrative.n.01'): 46  (a message that tells the particulars of an act or occurrence or course of events; presented in writing or drama or cinema or as a radio or television program)
	 1.Example sentence: This can be done by stories in your house organs , posters , special publications , letters to workers ' homes as well as by word of mouth through your chain of command . 
	 2.Example sentence: The young poet painter reproduces the French life of the streets ; he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights , and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories , each depicting a special phase of the general subject . 
	 4.Example sentence: We had nearly decided that all the tales of Lao lethargy must be true , when we were invited to take a trip with the Prime Minister . 

Frequency of Synset('story.n.02'): 14  (a piece of fiction that narrates a chain of related events)
	 1.Example sentence: Shakespeare did not usually invent the incidents in his plays , but borrowed them from old stories , ballads , and plays , wove them together , and then breathed into them his spark of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: Rather than from a first-hand study of Jewish people , his delineation of Shylock stems from a collection of Italian stories , Il Pecorone , published in 1558 , although written almost two centuries earlier . 
	 3.Example sentence: He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . 
	 4.Example sentence: She could not resist the opportunity `` of showing her superiority in argument over a man '' which she had remarked as one of the `` feminine follies '' of Sara Sullam ; and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception - he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College - until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything . 

Frequency of Synset('floor.n.02'): 23  (a structure consisting of a room or set of rooms at a single position along a vertical scale)
	 1.Example sentence: He occupied a two bedroom apartment on the fourth floor , using the second bedroom as his office . 
	 2.Example sentence: Men blew dust on objects in a room on the seventeenth floor of the Hotel Dumont and blew it off again , and did the same in a tiny , almost airless room in a tenement in the West Forties . 
	 3.Example sentence: His rage had built up as he made his way here from the second floor , helped by the quantity of champagne he had consumed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Wide windows with many small leaded panes swept across the upper stories . 

Frequency of Synset('history.n.02'): 37  (a record or narrative description of past events)
	 1.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 3.Example sentence: He gives us an account of this in his lively and humorous poem , `` The Happy Artists '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is different with his volume The Swedes and Their Chieftains ( Svenskarna och deras ho ^ vdingar ) , a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students . 

Frequency of Synset('report.n.03'): 17  (a short account of the news)
	 1.Example sentence: A newspaper open at stock-market reports lay on one of them . 
	 2.Example sentence: But what was the story ? 
	 3.Example sentence: A recent newspaper report said there were five Negroes in the 1960 graduating class of nearly one thousand at Yale ; that is , about one-half of one per cent , which looks pretty `` tokenish '' to me , especially in an institution which professes to be `` national '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: While accounts of the progress of the tsunami came in from various points in the Pacific ( Midway reported it was covered with nine feet of water ) , the Hawaiian station made its calculations and notified the military services and the police that the first big wave would arrive at Honolulu at 23 : 30 Greenwich time . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('special.s.02.special')
Frequency of Synset('particular.s.01'): 60  (unique or specific to a person or thing or category)
	 1.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 2.Example sentence: A number of other nineteenth century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; that is , from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states . 
	 3.Example sentence: First was the period of codification of existing law : the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that , in fact , resulted from Austin 's restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories , each depicting a special phase of the general subject . 

Frequency of Synset('special.s.02'): 20  (for a special service or occasion)
	 1.Example sentence: This can be done by stories in your house organs , posters , special publications , letters to workers ' homes as well as by word of mouth through your chain of command . 
	 2.Example sentence: The first program was sponsored by Abraham + Strauss , Hempstead , New York , under the direction of Special Events director Jennings Dennis . 
	 3.Example sentence: The final step was a vote for a $ 230000 bond issue for the construction of a sewage system by the 1959 town meeting , later confirmed by a two-thirds vote at a special town meeting June 21 , 1960 . 
	 4.Example sentence: To minimize the chances of repeating the Balafrej debacle the Ibrahim government was formed a titer personnel and a special office was created in the Ministry of the Interior to plan and to conduct the elections . 

Frequency of Synset('especial.s.01'): 15  (surpassing what is common or usual or expected)
	 1.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 
	 2.Example sentence: I tell you , I know how it is with you , my friend , I sympathize , and I 'll make it a special point - a special favor - get in touch , and get some stuff just for you . 
	 3.Example sentence: I tell you , I know how it is with you , my friend , I sympathize , and I 'll make it a special point - a special favor - get in touch , and get some stuff just for you . 
	 4.Example sentence: From the point of view of syntactic analysis the head word in the statement is the predicator has broken , and from the point of view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking ; but dominant stress will be assigned to broken only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('home.n.01.home')
Frequency of Synset('home.n.01'): 57  (where you live at a particular time)
	 1.Example sentence: This can be done by stories in your house organs , posters , special publications , letters to workers ' homes as well as by word of mouth through your chain of command . 
	 2.Example sentence: In one of his summers at home he married , to the great disapproval of his father , who objected because of his extreme youth . 
	 3.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a periodic review , the local board on July 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1 , - A and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home . 

Frequency of Synset('dwelling.n.01'): 47  (housing that someone is living in)
	 1.Example sentence: The brothers continued to help each other during their studies , sharing a joint purse , lodging together in the dormitory and dining together at the home of their aunt . 
	 2.Example sentence: My lovely caller - Joyce Holland was her name - had previously done three filmed commercials for ZING , and this evening , the fourth , a super production , had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor . 
	 3.Example sentence: She 'd driven around for a while , Joyce said , then , thinking Louis Thor would have calmed down by that time , she 'd gone back to his home on Bryn Mawr Drive , parked in front , and walked toward the pool . 
	 4.Example sentence: We consider a rural community as an assemblage of inhabited dwellings whose configuration is determined by the location and size of the arable land sites necessary for family subsistence . 

Frequency of Synset('family.n.01'): 66  (a social unit living together)
	 1.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 
	 2.Example sentence: His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school . 
	 3.Example sentence: It takes place in the household , a rite of well wishing for myriad occasions - for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the New Year , for any good purpose . 
	 4.Example sentence: The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('little.a.02.little')
Frequency of Synset('small.a.01'): 296  (limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: On April 17 , 1610 , the sturdy little three masted bark , Discovery , weighed anchor in St. Katherine's Pool , London , and floated down the Thames toward the sea . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1602 , George Waymouth , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . 
	 3.Example sentence: As Hudson resumed his desperate criss-crossing of the little bay , every incident lessened the crew 's respect for him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 

Frequency of Synset('little.a.02'): 67  ((quantifier used with mass nouns) small in quantity or degree; not much or almost none or (with `a') at least some)
	 1.Example sentence: Some companies find a little imagination helpful . 
	 2.Example sentence: Like his friend and contemporary August Strindberg he had little patience with collective mediocrity . 
	 3.Example sentence: Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19 th century America , these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling . 
	 4.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 

Frequency of Synset('little.s.03'): 20  ((of children and animals) young, immature)
	 1.Example sentence: But fathers often addressed communications to their small children ; and these , full of homely advice , are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters . 
	 2.Example sentence: A woman with a small boy slipped in between them . 
	 3.Example sentence: I mean something more like Freud 's concept of the utility of `` play '' to a small child : he plays `` house '' or `` doctor '' or `` fireman '' as a way of mastering slightly frightening experiences , reliving them imaginatively until they are under control . 
	 4.Example sentence: Conchita kept an eye on the twins and little Elena , trying to keep them from falling into the creek by which they persisted in playing . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('game.n.01.game')
Frequency of Synset('game.n.01'): 37  (a contest with rules to determine a winner)
	 1.Example sentence: Hallmark Cards , Inc. , Kansas City , Mo. , has a do-it-yourself quiz game called `` Benefit Bafflers '' , which it distributes to employees . 
	 2.Example sentence: Watching her , he felt like a spectator at a tennis game , with the ball being bounced back and forth . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was strictly the deputy 's game , but McBride had gone too far to throw in . 
	 4.Example sentence: Moving around camp we saw all kinds of camp stoves , lanterns , coolers , bedding , games , fishing tackle , windbreaks and sunshades . 

Frequency of Synset('game.n.02'): 26  (a single play of a sport or other contest)
	 1.Example sentence: Moritz was bothered during the first two games this year by a pulled muscle in the thigh of his right ( kicking ) leg and , as a result , several of his successful conversions have gone barely far enough . 
	 2.Example sentence: He kicked several while playing at Stamford High School , including one that beat Anson , 3 - 0 , in a 1953 district game . 
	 3.Example sentence: His statistical record that year , when Texas won only one game and lost nine , was far from impressive : he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards , punted once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards . 
	 4.Example sentence: In their first three games , the Longhorns have had the ball 41 times and scored 16 times , or 40 per cent their total passing yardage in three games , 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts , is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959 , when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries . 

Frequency of Synset('game.n.03'): 13  (an amusement or pastime)
	 1.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus shielded , we played many foolish games in comfortable unselfconsciousness ; even when the fences became a part of the game - when a vine embowered gate-post was the Sleeping Beauty 's enchanted castle , or when Rapunzel let down her golden hair from beneath the crocketed spire , even then we paid little heed to those who went by on the path outside . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus shielded , we played many foolish games in comfortable unselfconsciousness ; even when the fences became a part of the game - when a vine embowered gate-post was the Sleeping Beauty 's enchanted castle , or when Rapunzel let down her golden hair from beneath the crocketed spire , even then we paid little heed to those who went by on the path outside . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nor is it an accident that baseball , growing into the national game in the last 75 years , has become a microcosm of American life , that learned societies such as the American Folklore Society and the American Historical Association were founded in the 1880's , or that courses in American literature , American civilization , American anything have swept our school and college curricula . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('distribute.v.01.distribute')
Frequency of Synset('distribute.v.01'): 18  (administer or bestow, as in small portions)
	 1.Example sentence: Hallmark Cards , Inc. , Kansas City , Mo. , has a do-it-yourself quiz game called `` Benefit Bafflers '' , which it distributes to employees . 
	 2.Example sentence: John , an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics , headed the rural development division of USOM , the United States Operations Mission administering U. S. aid . 
	 3.Example sentence: Eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his condescending , `` You 're welcome '' , was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor , over these months , on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note , each time , that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor suffered again on the morrow . 
	 4.Example sentence: Jury , judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere , at any time , to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated . 

Frequency of Synset('spread.v.01'): 29  (distribute or disperse widely)
	 1.Example sentence: Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks . 
	 2.Example sentence: Throughout the land their hit-and-run terrorists spread fear of ambush and death . 
	 3.Example sentence: The truck dropped them off at the various revetments spread through the jungle . 
	 4.Example sentence: Filling these bunks by the same self unloading wagons used to fill silos spreads cost of the wagons over more time and operations . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('give.v.03.give')
Frequency of Synset('give.v.01'): 171  (cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense)
	 1.Example sentence: It 's usually not too hard to sell workers on this as it gives them longer holiday periods . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1609 , the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson , gave him two learned geographers , fitted him out with a ship called the Half Moon , and supplied him with Dutch sailors . 
	 3.Example sentence: When you see them again give them my love - not best respects now , but love by God '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity , before its final recommendation to the appeal board , to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching . 

Frequency of Synset('yield.v.01'): 176  (be the cause or source of)
	 1.Example sentence: Not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage . 
	 2.Example sentence: A Yankee sergeant gave the following description of his sweetheart : `` My girl is none of your one-horse girls . 
	 3.Example sentence: A Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of diarrhoea : `` I have bin a little sick with diorah two or three days . 
	 4.Example sentence: The PM might show he drowned instead , but that 's what the once-over-lightly gives us . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.03'): 91  (transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody)
	 1.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the second voyage , he had turned back at the frozen island of Novaya Zemlya and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will - which was obviously not the case . 
	 3.Example sentence: By her eighteenth birthday her bent for writing was so evident that Papa and Mamma gave her a Life of Dickens as a spur to her aspiration . 
	 4.Example sentence: She 'd be smart about it , get him to give it to her in little bills so 's nobody would suspect - maybe could n't get it until Monday account of that , the banks - But that was n't really long to wait . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.04'): 77  (convey or reveal information)
	 1.Example sentence: He gives us an account of this in his lively and humorous poem , `` The Happy Artists '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Frequently we are given assurance that automatically all ideas will be sifted and resifted and in the end only the good ones will survive . 
	 3.Example sentence: He swung toward the front to give the news to Hettie , then stopped , barred from her by the vehemence of her blame and hate . 
	 4.Example sentence: They , perhaps , gave the pitch of their position in the preface where it was said that Eisenhower requested that the Commission be administered by the American Assembly of Columbia University , because it was non-partisan . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.05'): 52  (convey, as of a compliment, regards, attention, etc.; bestow)
	 1.Example sentence: When you see them again give them my love - not best respects now , but love by God '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the villages people lined up to give us flowers . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Prime Minister paid his respects to the Buddhist monks , strode rapidly among the houses , joked with the local soldiery , and made a speech . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.03'): 119  (organize or be responsible for)
	 1.Example sentence: The trial was held September 10 . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have 2500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 4.Example sentence: The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.07'): 25  (convey or communicate; of a smile, a look, a physical gesture)
	 1.Example sentence: Giving the other a dark look , he hauled his bronc around and trotted down off the street . 
	 2.Example sentence: Angelo gave him an affectionate smile . 
	 3.Example sentence: His wife did n't give a sign she 'd heard . 
	 4.Example sentence: The old man gave the room a stare in leaving ; under the scraggly brows the pale old eyes burned with a bitter memory . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.08'): 23  (give as a present; make a gift of)
	 1.Example sentence: I had studied with Burns ten years before , during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me , along with the five-hundred dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was given or it was not given . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was given or it was not given . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the same time another child - this one of Shelley 's brain - was given to the world : Alastor , a poem of pervading beauty in which the reader may gaze into the still depths of a fine mind 's musings . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.09'): 19  (cause to happen or be responsible for)
	 1.Example sentence: Debate rid us of McCarthy but did not give us much that is positive . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not only did the ideal entrepreneur not produce the greatest good for the greatest number , he ended by destroying himself , by giving birth to monopoly capitalism . 
	 3.Example sentence: Yet , after Rousseau had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the General Will , the same philosophy , it may be said , became the idea source of the French Revolution also . 
	 4.Example sentence: Solid blocks are recommended because hollow blocks would have to be filled with concrete to give effective protection . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.10'): 25  (dedicate)
	 1.Example sentence: Attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches ; this style is characteristically an expression of the communal style of the middle classes . 
	 2.Example sentence: In town no one paid much attention to an occasional shot ; but on the range gunfire had a meaning . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a cold , windy day , the day after Kitti 's death , but Stanley Gilborn paid no attention to the blustery October wind . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both Negro and white , should devote far more attention . 

Frequency of Synset('render.v.04'): 25  (give or supply)
	 1.Example sentence: When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart . 
	 2.Example sentence: I 've given willful hurt to no man . 
	 3.Example sentence: A tavern , filling station , junk yard , rendering plant , or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value . 
	 4.Example sentence: The dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were : * * f This was not , of course , enough sampling to give a satisfactory description of the vertical diffusion of the aerosol . 

Frequency of Synset('impart.v.01'): 23  (transmit (knowledge or skills))
	 1.Example sentence: Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; they read every book that they could borrow in the village . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Pat had never pretended to give advice in such affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , a growing intellectual sophistication and the new certitudes imparted by courses in psychology and anthropology make the students increasingly critical of their somewhat provincial and overprotective parents . 
	 4.Example sentence: And the school newspaper sells space to jubilant fraternities , sororities , and houses ( in the House Plan Association ) that have good news to impart . 

Frequency of Synset('establish.v.05'): 20  (bring about)
	 1.Example sentence: Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: But consideration of the frequency of stems per constant meaning seems to be established as having significance in comparative situations with diachronic and classificatory relevance ; and Gleason presumably is on the way with a further contribution in this area . 
	 3.Example sentence: And I select this sentence as its pertinent summation : `` In essence the drama of his ( Eisenhower 's ) Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling - thus far with but limited and precarious success - to give effective voice and force to that conservatism '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: his quill drawings had a scratchiness , suggesting skin texture ; the clay he used plastically to suggest soft moving flesh , as in an abdomen , in a reclining torso ; the wax he smoothed over to give the body surface an elastic pull . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.14'): 12  (leave with; give temporarily)
	 1.Example sentence: She opened it an inch and poked out the keys for me to give you . 
	 2.Example sentence: He hesitated for a moment when Michelangelo asked him to disrobe , so Michelangelo gave him a piece of toweling to wrap around his loins , led him to the kitchen to take off his clothes . 
	 3.Example sentence: The colored boy had it , and Trig lunged at him with a knife and said , ' Give that to me , you black bastard . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Nobody does , but they gave me ten last year '' . 

Frequency of Synset('sacrifice.v.01'): 17  (endure the loss of)
	 1.Example sentence: One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . 
	 2.Example sentence: Up spoke carpenter Staffe , who said he would n't give ten pounds to be home . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the other hand , if he wishes to continue in his chosen profession , he must abandon his own code and sacrifice his precious individualism . 
	 4.Example sentence: Today a battle cry may seem an anachronism , for in the modern Army , esprit de corps has been sacrificed to organizational charts and tables . 

Frequency of Synset('pass.v.05'): 52  (place into the hands or custody of)
	 1.Example sentence: U. S. Rubber Company , New York , passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: But there is nothing in the Act requiring the hearing officer 's report to be likewise turned over to the registrant . 
	 3.Example sentence: Handing the money over , Russ wiped his hands on his pants-legs as if ridding himself of something unclean . 
	 4.Example sentence: He replenished the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.18'): 51  (give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause)
	 1.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: While Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine , physics , and astronomy , his brother studied law . 
	 3.Example sentence: The following year he devoted to the customary `` Wanderjahr '' , traveling in Germany , France , and the Netherlands , meeting the philosophers Schelling , Fichte , and Tieck . 
	 4.Example sentence: Eager as he was to pursue this promising line , he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and pharmaceutical faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to `` galvanizing '' . 

Frequency of Synset('feed.v.02'): 18  (give food to)
	 1.Example sentence: His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school . 
	 2.Example sentence: A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that `` they were the hardest looking set of men that Ever i saw they Looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and shavings '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Prince visited the hospital of Operation Brotherhood , supported by the Junior Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines , and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at Pak Song . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 

Frequency of Synset('contribute.v.02'): 28  (contribute to some cause)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you try to maintain the principle of employee contributed ( as opposed to fully company paid ) programs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Bureau contributed to the planning and success of the Symposium through the efforts of Mr. W. A. Wildhack , General Chairman , and Dr. C. M. Herzfeld , Program Chairman . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('show.v.01.show')
Frequency of Synset('show.v.01'): 203  (give an exhibition of to an interested audience)
	 1.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 2.Example sentence: She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: She held out her hand to show that she had money . 
	 4.Example sentence: As we stepped out into the sunlight , a man came up to John Cool and silently showed him his hand . 

Frequency of Synset('prove.v.02'): 146  (establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment)
	 1.Example sentence: A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . 
	 2.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature , as proven by Bruckmann and Coulomb . 
	 4.Example sentence: The PM might show he drowned instead , but that 's what the once-over-lightly gives us . 

Frequency of Synset('testify.v.02'): 65  (provide evidence for)
	 1.Example sentence: Juet demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial . 
	 2.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Reading the Old Testament would have shown the dramatist that the ideas attributed to Shylock were abhorrent to the Jews . 
	 4.Example sentence: Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle . 

Frequency of Synset('show.v.04'): 40  (make visible or noticeable)
	 1.Example sentence: The waters lay muddy but placid , without a ripple of movement against the wheels ; there was not a match width of damp mark to show they were receding . 
	 2.Example sentence: Sarah had begun to tell Lucien of Emile , she had begun to question and a little draft had crept across the room from the bedroom door , open barely enough to show a rim of blackness in the hall . 
	 3.Example sentence: In some instances , the trade name is shown in parentheses following the chemical name . 
	 4.Example sentence: He filled a real need , showing society what it looked like , turning it inside out , portraying its wars and its leaders , its ugliness and its beauties , reflecting its profound religious impulses . 

Frequency of Synset('picture.v.02'): 40  (show in, or as in, a picture)
	 1.Example sentence: As shown in Figure 1 , there is a connection for communication between every pair of points . 
	 2.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ought not an edifying Trial have made every effort to demonstrate this once and for all by showing how representative types of `` mere '' anti-Semites were drawn step by step into the program of skull bashings and gassings ? 
	 4.Example sentence: They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 . 

Frequency of Synset('express.v.01'): 73  (give expression to)
	 1.Example sentence: They give strict interpretation to William James ' statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 3.Example sentence: She showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home , and it hurt him a little . 
	 4.Example sentence: The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain . 

Frequency of Synset('indicate.v.02'): 103  (indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Bo ^ o ^ k indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . 
	 3.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . 

Frequency of Synset('read.v.08'): 16  (indicate a certain reading; of gauges and instruments)
	 1.Example sentence: However , any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded . 
	 2.Example sentence: The differentiation however is not very much greater , as shown by the fact that Athabascan shows 3.46 stems per meaning slot as against 2.75 for Yokuts , with a slightly greater number of languages represented in our sample : 24 as against 21 . 
	 3.Example sentence: It consists of a series of pipes and a pressure measuring chamber which record the rise and fall of the water surface . 
	 4.Example sentence: At 17 : 07 that afternoon ( Greenwich time ) the shock was recorded by the seismograph alarm in Honolulu . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sum.n.01.amount')
Frequency of Synset('sum.n.01'): 52  (a quantity of money)
	 1.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 2.Example sentence: Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; to Brian Thayer , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker 's employ at the time of the latter 's death . 
	 3.Example sentence: Russ ran through the bills and named an amount it was highly unlikely any cowpuncher would come by honestly . 
	 4.Example sentence: Katya made up the amount in indifferent silence . 

Frequency of Synset('amount.n.02'): 39  (the relative magnitude of something with reference to a criterion)
	 1.Example sentence: Codification was followed in all countries by a growing amount of legislation , some changing and adjusting the older law , much dealing with entirely new situations . 
	 2.Example sentence: That made a certain amount of logic . 
	 3.Example sentence: She doled out what Glendora vaguely guessed were the right amounts of dried peas , eggs , cornmeal , a little salt . 
	 4.Example sentence: Productivity is something of an amorphous concept and the amount of productivity increase in a given time period is not even well known to the industry , much less to the union or to the public . 

Frequency of Synset('measure.n.02'): 34  (how much there is or how many there are of something that you can quantify)
	 1.Example sentence: With troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground , it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication . 
	 2.Example sentence: He cleansed his mouth with a small quantity . 
	 3.Example sentence: Part-time farmers generally must pay higher prices for supplies than full-time farmers because they buy in smaller quantities . 
	 4.Example sentence: List the kind and quantity of things the farm can be expected to produce in an average year . 

Frequency of Synset('sum.n.02'): 16  (a quantity obtained by the addition of a group of numbers)
	 1.Example sentence: In six years , U. S. aid had amounted to more than $ 1.60 for each American - a total of three hundred million dollars . 
	 2.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 4.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('particular.s.02.particular')
Frequency of Synset('particular.s.01'): 60  (unique or specific to a person or thing or category)
	 1.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 2.Example sentence: A number of other nineteenth century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; that is , from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states . 
	 3.Example sentence: First was the period of codification of existing law : the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that , in fact , resulted from Austin 's restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories , each depicting a special phase of the general subject . 

Frequency of Synset('particular.s.02'): 12  (separate and distinct from others of the same group or category)
	 1.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 2.Example sentence: For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . 
	 3.Example sentence: Many industry trade associations are developing campaigns to protect or enhance the share of the consumer 's dollar being spent on their particular products . 
	 4.Example sentence: The actual mean of 1.07 being about halfway between 0 of complete correlation and 2.0 of no correlation , it is evident that there is a pretty fair degree of similarity in the behavior even of particular individual items of meaning as regards long-term stem displacement . 

Frequency of Synset('especial.s.01'): 15  (surpassing what is common or usual or expected)
	 1.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 
	 2.Example sentence: I tell you , I know how it is with you , my friend , I sympathize , and I 'll make it a special point - a special favor - get in touch , and get some stuff just for you . 
	 3.Example sentence: I tell you , I know how it is with you , my friend , I sympathize , and I 'll make it a special point - a special favor - get in touch , and get some stuff just for you . 
	 4.Example sentence: From the point of view of syntactic analysis the head word in the statement is the predicator has broken , and from the point of view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking ; but dominant stress will be assigned to broken only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('pass.v.05.pass')
Frequency of Synset('pass.v.01'): 23  (go across or through)
	 1.Example sentence: The fast opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately * * f ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . 
	 2.Example sentence: During the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line , thus allowing light to pass into the camera . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a succession of picture images passing through his mind : the same ones , different ones , in no apparent sequence , in no logical succession . 
	 4.Example sentence: The student of ideas and their place in history will always be concerned with the patterns of transition , which are at the same time patterns of transformation , whereby ideas pass from one area of activity to another . 

Frequency of Synset('travel_by.v.01'): 30  (move past)
	 1.Example sentence: Early in June , the Discovery passed `` Desolation '' ( southern Greenland ) and in mid-June entered the `` Furious Overfall '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Gilborn passed by him without seeing him . 
	 4.Example sentence: When you pass a church on an Irish bus , all the hands flurry in the sign of the cross . 

Frequency of Synset('legislate.v.01'): 29  (make laws, bills, etc. or bring into effect by legislation)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: These plans , like du Pont 's contained provisions for passing the vote on du Pont 's General Motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware , except that officers and directors of the three companies , their spouses , and other people living in their households , as well as other specified persons , were to be totally disenfranchised . 
	 3.Example sentence: Recognizing the limitations of such a program , the 78 th Congress in 1943 passed P. L. 113 , which broadened the concept of rehabilitation to include the provision of physical restoration services to remove or reduce disabilities , and which revised the financing structure . 
	 4.Example sentence: The House passed finally , and sent to the Senate , a bill extending the State Health Department 's authority to give planning assistance to cities . 

Frequency of Synset('elapse.v.01'): 15  (pass by)
	 1.Example sentence: It slips away , it burns and tortures me . 
	 2.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 3.Example sentence: When several minutes had passed and Curt had n't emerged from the livery stable , Brenner re-entered the hotel and faced Summers across the counter . 
	 4.Example sentence: And irrespective of the outcome in centuries elapsed since splitting , calculations obviously carry more concordant and comparable meaning if they deal with the most stable units than with variously unstable ones . 

Frequency of Synset('pass.v.05'): 52  (place into the hands or custody of)
	 1.Example sentence: U. S. Rubber Company , New York , passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: But there is nothing in the Act requiring the hearing officer 's report to be likewise turned over to the registrant . 
	 3.Example sentence: Handing the money over , Russ wiped his hands on his pants-legs as if ridding himself of something unclean . 
	 4.Example sentence: He replenished the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck . 

Frequency of Synset('run.v.03'): 67  (stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point)
	 1.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 2.Example sentence: There 's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
	 4.Example sentence: A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . 

Frequency of Synset('pass.v.07'): 11  (travel past)
	 1.Example sentence: This has necessitated a continuous review and reevaluation of the defense program in order to redirect resources to the newer and more important weapons systems and to eliminate or reduce effort on weapons systems which have been overtaken by events . 
	 2.Example sentence: I let up on the accelerator , only to gradually reach again the 60 m. p. h. which would , I hoped , overhaul Herry and the blonde , and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had I , Mrs. Major Roebuck settled down to practicing on Corporal Johnson the kittenish wiles she would need when making her duty call on Colonel and Mrs. Somebody in Sante Fe . 
	 3.Example sentence: Very small particles , however , in a size range of 1 to 4 microns in diameter are capable of passing these impinging barriers and entering the alveolar bed of the lungs . 
	 4.Example sentence: Very peculiar retribution indeed seems to overtake such jokers . 

Frequency of Synset('happen.v.01'): 227  (come to pass)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson 's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 

Frequency of Synset('spend.v.01'): 99  (pass time in a specific way)
	 1.Example sentence: He thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth . 
	 2.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 
	 3.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although Brooklyn College does not yet have a junior year abroad program , a good number of students spend summers in Europe . 

Frequency of Synset('communicate.v.01'): 12  (transmit information)
	 1.Example sentence: The State cops would check from time to time ; pass word when there was word to pass . 
	 2.Example sentence: The State cops would check from time to time ; pass word when there was word to pass . 
	 3.Example sentence: Various methods of pulsing , scanning , and displaying these sound waves are used to detect submarines , map ocean floors , and even communicate under water . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nor is it necessary to look for such evidence in the great urban centers of our culture that are admittedly almost entirely secularized and so profoundly estranged from the conventional forms in which the gospel has been communicated . 

Frequency of Synset('exceed.v.02'): 12  (be superior or better than some standard)
	 1.Example sentence: Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress . 
	 2.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 4.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 

Frequency of Synset('authorize.v.01'): 34  (grant authorization or clearance for)
	 1.Example sentence: All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 3.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering - 
	 4.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act . 

Frequency of Synset('die.v.01'): 133  (pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life)
	 1.Example sentence: `` He 's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. Meeker apparently died from suffocation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven o ' clock dinner . 
	 3.Example sentence: But he plunges into yet another , this time with Norway , and is killed in an assault on the fortress of Fredrikshall , being only thirty-six years of age when he died . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('form.n.08.form')
Frequency of Synset('form.n.01'): 96  (the phonological or orthographic sound or appearance of a word that can be used to describe or identify something)
	 1.Example sentence: I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication , in which , in listing ' Two Stem Meanings ' , I set off by asterisks those forms in which n of stem B was * * f of stem A 3 , the unasterisked ones standing for * * f ; or under ' Four Stems ' , I set off by asterisks cases where the combined n of stems * * f was * * f . 
	 2.Example sentence: If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ? 
	 3.Example sentence: The practical operational problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison . 
	 4.Example sentence: I would propose , next , as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists , items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible . 

Frequency of Synset('kind.n.01'): 121  (a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality)
	 1.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He was not the sort of sailor Hudson wanted his backers to see on board and he had Greene wait at Gravesend , where the Discovery picked him up . 
	 3.Example sentence: A state , the highest form of human organization in fact and theory , could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of self-will , or consent . 
	 4.Example sentence: Related to , but distinguishable from , nationalism was the growth of democracy in one form or another . 

Frequency of Synset('form.n.03'): 67  (a perceptual structure)
	 1.Example sentence: This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book , `` A Hero 's Funeral '' , written in the form of an impassioned prose poem . 
	 2.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 3.Example sentence: The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form . 

Frequency of Synset('shape.n.01'): 52  (any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline))
	 1.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 2.Example sentence: He narrowed the shape down to two : either a Zero or a U. S. Navy type aircraft . 
	 3.Example sentence: The shapes were unmistakable and the Rising Suns were showing up , slightly brighter pinpoints in the gray gloom . 
	 4.Example sentence: What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration , integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form ; color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; and that over all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . 

Frequency of Synset('human_body.n.01'): 57  (alternative names for the body of a human being)
	 1.Example sentence: The Rebs were , to a Massachusetts corporal , `` fighting madmen or not men at all but whiskey + gunpowder put into a human frame '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would have been unwise policy , for instance , to apply the pound of flesh characterization to the thrifty Scotchman . 
	 4.Example sentence: Yes , well , it 's a pity to spoil your girlish figure - which all those kittens would do anyway - but I think when you 've raised these we 'll just have the vet fix it so there won n't be any more . 

Frequency of Synset('shape.n.02'): 12  (the spatial arrangement of something as distinct from its substance)
	 1.Example sentence: Each aspired to be a god in human form , but with each it was a different kind of god . 
	 2.Example sentence: Jess 's coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by Curt 's fist . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was the freshness of color , the freedom of perception , the lack of self-consciousness , but with a twist that made the forms leap from the page and smack you in the eye . 
	 4.Example sentence: These areas by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . 

Frequency of Synset('phase.n.02'): 22  ((physical chemistry) a distinct state of matter in a system; matter that is identical in chemical composition and physical state and separated from other material by the phase boundary)
	 1.Example sentence: The photochemical exchange occurs with a quantum yield of the order of unity in the liquid phase at 65 ` using light absorbed only by the * * f . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the gas phase , with * * f of * * f and * * f of * * f , quantum yields of the order of * * f have been observed at 85 ` . 
	 3.Example sentence: The rate of the gas phase exchange reaction appears to be proportional to the first power of the absorbed light intensity indicating that the radical intermediates are removed at the walls or by reaction with an impurity rather than by bimolecular radical combination reactions . 
	 4.Example sentence: It would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals , as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the carbon halogen bond . 

Frequency of Synset('class.n.02'): 30  (a body of students who are taught together)
	 1.Example sentence: The writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in St. Joseph , Missouri . 
	 2.Example sentence: In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 . 
	 3.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 
	 4.Example sentence: Undoubtedly far more can be done in the lower grades in this regard in the Negro schools . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('therefore.r.01.thus')
Frequency of Synset('therefore.r.01'): 200  ((used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that fact or reason or as a result)
	 1.Example sentence: The blue-collar worker thus knows his insurance package , for example , costs $ 227.72 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus the Congress marks a formal recognition of the political system that was central to world politics for a century . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 

Frequency of Synset('thus.r.02'): 45  (in the way indicated; ; ; (`thusly' is a nonstandard variant))
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin 's funeral . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 4.Example sentence: Private international law ( which Americans call the `` conflict of laws '' ) was thus segregated from international law proper , or , as it is often called , public international law . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('much.r.01.much')
Frequency of Synset('much.r.01'): 93  (to a great degree or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: Much better to break a cellar window '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as `` looseness of the bowels '' ; but a much more common designation was `` the sh-ts '' . 

Frequency of Synset('much.r.02'): 13  (very)
	 1.Example sentence: Seeming much relieved , she smiled one of those worth waiting for smiles , and I smiled all the way into the bedroom . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World - the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated - the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America - the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso - the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art - the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . 
	 3.Example sentence: That left three , possibly four , one looking much like the next . 
	 4.Example sentence: My definition of this much abused adjective is that a reconstructed rebel is one who is glad that the North won the War . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('determine.v.08.see')
Frequency of Synset('see.v.01'): 486  (perceive by sight or have the power to perceive by sight)
	 1.Example sentence: He asked to see a copy of Mrs. Meeker 's will . 
	 2.Example sentence: He was not the sort of sailor Hudson wanted his backers to see on board and he had Greene wait at Gravesend , where the Discovery picked him up . 
	 3.Example sentence: On August 3 , two massive headlands reared out of the mists - great gateways never before , so far as Hudson knew , seen by Europeans . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 

Frequency of Synset('understand.v.02'): 197  (perceive (an idea or situation) mentally)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd have consulted us , you see . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 

Frequency of Synset('witness.v.02'): 167  (perceive or be contemporaneous with)
	 1.Example sentence: He finds it in utter misery and desolation . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 3.Example sentence: This we might well witness '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 

Frequency of Synset('visualize.v.01'): 59  (imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind)
	 1.Example sentence: He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part . 
	 2.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 3.Example sentence: Based on our experience with clients , we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups - the market place itself , marketing methods , and marketing management . 
	 4.Example sentence: They 've worried , they 've lain awake nights , they 've shook at the slightest footstep , they 've pictured their own destruction , and now it 's all over and they can give up . 

Frequency of Synset('see.v.05'): 191  (deem to be)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A gift horse to be viewed with suspicion '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 4.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.02'): 162  (get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort . 
	 3.Example sentence: But I 'm pleased to hear - '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` How 'd you hear about this one '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('watch.v.03'): 57  (see or watch)
	 1.Example sentence: In fact , I was watching you on that little seventeen inch screen when you rang my bell . 
	 2.Example sentence: The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and did n't want - heaven knew did n't want ! 
	 3.Example sentence: During much of the fifteen mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east . 
	 4.Example sentence: I saw `` Fiorello ! '' performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good , and perhaps better . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.01'): 83  (come together)
	 1.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` We '' were Bill Garrett of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; Boun My , our interpreter ; and myself . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I could n't remember where we had met . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had put on the gray jacket and the dark gray slacks and the fawn colored shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.08'): 26  (find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 

Frequency of Synset('see.v.10'): 48  (be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something)
	 1.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 4.Example sentence: He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess 's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside . 

Frequency of Synset('see.v.11'): 11  (go to see for professional or business reasons)
	 1.Example sentence: I 'm in a room over the Golden Club on San Pedro , you just ask for me there , you want see me . 
	 2.Example sentence: An interview schedule of open-ended questions and a multiple-choice questionnaire were prepared , and one parent of each of the sample children was seen in the home . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Vice President had called and asked if he could see the Secretary at his home . 
	 4.Example sentence: The men inside informed him that they had some wounded men among them but he would not be allowed to see them even though he offered medical aid . 

Frequency of Synset('see.v.12'): 12  (go to see for a social visit)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden said that he would see him at two and made another call , this one to Mrs. Meeker 's lawyers . 
	 2.Example sentence: I 'm on my way to see the Jacobs woman '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: If that picture gets around and I find out you had anything to do with it , I 'm going to send a couple of my boys around to see you '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: At first I did not know what she meant ; I thought she must be seeing me as some one who had just come from seeing her grandmother , in their distant home city . 

Frequency of Synset('visit.v.01'): 39  (go to see a place, as for entertainment)
	 1.Example sentence: Camping is family fun , and it is helping more Americans see more of the country than they ever saw before . 
	 2.Example sentence: Camping is family fun , and it is helping more Americans see more of the country than they ever saw before . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` The place had no sink or washbasin , only a bathtub '' , his mother discovered when she visited him . 
	 4.Example sentence: On Sundays he would walk miles into the campagna to visit with them , and in particular to see their horses . 

Frequency of Synset('examine.v.02'): 11  (observe, check out, and look over carefully or inspect)
	 1.Example sentence: Brain examined for thrombosis , clot or hemorrhage . 
	 2.Example sentence: Cursing himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot , Russ drew his Colt and examined it briefly . 
	 3.Example sentence: He examined the water marks on the iron tires when the animals were finished . 
	 4.Example sentence: He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead . 

Frequency of Synset('experience.v.01'): 18  (go or live through)
	 1.Example sentence: Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century . 
	 2.Example sentence: While they were away Blanche came into the office every morning , running things as she had always run them for Stanley , going through the week in a dazed stupor , getting things done automatically , out of habit . 
	 3.Example sentence: The influence of Mass was less pervasive than that of the congested , slum tenements among the bawdy houses , honkytonks , and sawdust saloons of his birthplace ; he ran wild with the child gangs of the neighbourhood , and went through the normal pressure-cooker course of thieving , police dodging , and housebreaking . 
	 4.Example sentence: It had been five days too late before he learned that she 'd gone through the wedding ceremony in a semitrance of laudanum , administered by her mother . 

Frequency of Synset('interpret.v.01'): 15  (make sense of; assign a meaning to)
	 1.Example sentence: The fact that Jess 's horse had not been returned to its stall could indicate that Diane 's information had been wrong , but Curt did n't interpret it this way . 
	 2.Example sentence: This subsection shall not be so construed as to deprive the owner of any background patent relating thereto of such rights as he may have thereunder . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nothing in the Act shall be construed to alter existing law with respect to the ownership and control of water . 
	 4.Example sentence: Certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('put.v.01.put')
Frequency of Synset('put.v.01'): 310  (put into a certain place or abstract location)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: Put a dollar and cents limit on benefits . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 4.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 

Frequency of Synset('put.v.02'): 95  (cause to be in a certain state; cause to be in a certain relation)
	 1.Example sentence: It can put an end to marginal claims which play havoc with your insurance rates . 
	 2.Example sentence: When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth , England , in the fall of 1609 , word of Hudson 's findings leaked out , and English interest in him revived . 
	 3.Example sentence: It will readily be seen that in this suggested network ( not materially different from some of the networks in vogue today ) greater emphasis on monitoring is implied than is usually put into practice . 
	 4.Example sentence: We need many more studies of this sort if the design of written languages is to be put on a sound basis . 

Frequency of Synset('frame.v.04'): 29  (formulate in a particular style or language)
	 1.Example sentence: Robert Penn Warren puts it this way in `` Brother to Dragons '' : 
	 2.Example sentence: During the decade that followed , the common man , as that piece put it , grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled from behind Saint Woodrow ( Wilson ) only to learn from Science , to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow - that there was a chemical formula for him , and that too much could n't be expected of him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Another put sex on a dollars and cents basis . 
	 4.Example sentence: Lawrence could not put his finger on it precisely , and this worried him . 

Frequency of Synset('invest.v.01'): 11  (make an investment)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: It may not be profitable for a part-time farmer to own the labor-saving machinery that a full-time farmer can invest in profitably . 
	 3.Example sentence: Returns for money and labor invested may be small even in a good year . 
	 4.Example sentence: To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income , divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('direct.s.02.direct')
Frequency of Synset('direct.a.01'): 23  (direct in spatial dimensions; proceeding without deviation or interruption; straight and short)
	 1.Example sentence: Each time his objective had been the same - a direct water passage from Western Europe to the Far East . 
	 2.Example sentence: Attorney General Palmer made a series of raids that sent more than 4000 so-called radicals to the jails , in direct violation of their constitutional rights . 
	 3.Example sentence: This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago . 
	 4.Example sentence: Indeed , the apparent stiffening of the industry 's attitude in the recent steel strike has a direct explanation in terms of the model here presented . 

Frequency of Synset('direct.s.02'): 14  (having no intervening persons, agents, conditions)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 3.Example sentence: I have chosen to use the word `` mimesis '' in its Christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which , as in the Christian mind , are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience , which are not reserved , as in the Greek mind , only to moments of theoretical reflection . 
	 4.Example sentence: But even if we cannot see the repulsive characteristics in this new image of America , foreigners can ; and our loss of `` prestige '' abroad is the direct result . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('payment.n.02.payment')
Frequency of Synset('payment.n.01'): 32  (a sum of money paid or a claim discharged)
	 1.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . 
	 2.Example sentence: Subject to the limitations of this Act , the Secretary shall make stabilization payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly mined ores , or concentrates produced therefrom , as provided in this Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: Payments shall be made only with respect to the metal content as determined by assay . 
	 4.Example sentence: Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York , New York , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14 - 1 2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14 - 1 2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary . 

Frequency of Synset('payment.n.02'): 23  (the act of paying money)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: When , as a diplomatic gesture of amity and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the April election , Torrio had given O ' Banion a slice of Cicero , the profits from that district had been $ 20000 a month . 
	 3.Example sentence: If payment is by cash , you should ask for a receipt . 
	 4.Example sentence: Any fee so determined shall be entered as a part of such award , and payment thereof shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury by deducting the amount thereof from the total amount paid pursuant to the award . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('end.n.06.end')
Frequency of Synset('end.n.01'): 31  (either extremity of something that has length)
	 1.Example sentence: Beccaria had almost stumbled on a lead to the relationship between electricity and magnetism when a discharge from a Leyden jar was sent transversally through a piece of watch spring steel making its ends magnetic . 
	 2.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the pool 's far end was the little cabana Joyce had mentioned , and on the water 's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp looking lather . 

Frequency of Synset('end.n.02'): 30  (the point in time at which something ends)
	 1.Example sentence: Near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two pups , name one of them `` fall-in '' and the other `` close-up '' , and then shoot them both , `` and that will be the end of ' fall-in ' and ' close-up '' ' . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the end of the half-hour , racking his brains , thinking over and over again of Kitti , her friends , her past , he left the bedroom . 

Frequency of Synset('end.n.03'): 20  (the concluding parts of an event or occurrence)
	 1.Example sentence: There would be changes made , and Signor Raymond should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the end of the performance , Dave and Max came out into the brilliantly lit foyer among a surge of gowned and tuxedoed first nighters . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the end of work one day , the personnel man took the applicants one at a time , asked them to sit behind the receptionist 's desk and he then played the role of a number of people who might come to the receptionist with a number of queries and for a number of purposes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Forced to realize that this was the end of a very short line I scanned a road marker and discovered what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old Mexican : Moriarty , New Mexico . 

Frequency of Synset('goal.n.01'): 56  (the state of affairs that a plan is intended to achieve and that (when achieved) terminates behavior intended to achieve it)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Is it reaching these goals ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 4.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 

Frequency of Synset('end.n.05'): 13  (a final part or section)
	 1.Example sentence: The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Bo ^ o ^ k indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second reported that the dilapidated houses in Virginia `` look like the latter end of original sin and hard times '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: In some ( the Ewe type mentioned above ) interaction of tone and intonation is restricted to the ends of intonation spans . 
	 4.Example sentence: Could it be that it speeded up for the aged in some mysterious way , as if a bored universe were skipping through the end of the chapter just to get it over with ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('claim.n.03.claim')
Frequency of Synset('claim.n.01'): 26  (an assertion of a right (as to money or property))
	 1.Example sentence: Average consumer is becoming more sophisticated regarding product and advertising claims , partly because of widespread criticism of such assertions . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` History has this in common with every other science : that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge , except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place , and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration , the grounds upon which it is based . 
	 3.Example sentence: In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney 's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award . 
	 4.Example sentence: In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney 's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award . 

Frequency of Synset('claim.n.02'): 11  (an assertion that something is true or factual)
	 1.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim - all in violation of the Fifth Amendment . 
	 3.Example sentence: We have concluded that petitioner 's claims are controlled by the rationale of gonzales v. United States , 348 U. S. 407 ( 1955 ) , and United States v. Nugent , 346 U. S .1 ( 1953 ) , and therefore affirm the judgment . 
	 4.Example sentence: His claim was therefore `` so highly exaggerated '' , the Department concluded , that it `` cast doubt upon his veracity and , consequently , upon his sincerity and good faith '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('play.v.13.play')
Frequency of Synset('play.v.01'): 68  (participate in games or sport)
	 1.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 
	 3.Example sentence: But do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus shielded , we played many foolish games in comfortable unselfconsciousness ; even when the fences became a part of the game - when a vine embowered gate-post was the Sleeping Beauty 's enchanted castle , or when Rapunzel let down her golden hair from beneath the crocketed spire , even then we paid little heed to those who went by on the path outside . 

Frequency of Synset('play.v.02'): 38  (act or have an effect in a specified way or with a specific effect or outcome)
	 1.Example sentence: He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; he might be Mrs. Meeker 's murderer or have played some part in her death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Great stress is placed on the role that the monitoring of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the network . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had almost forgotten them , although they had played such an important part in his early dreams . 
	 4.Example sentence: In general , however , it may be said that when a boy or a girl leaves the high school , the school authorities play little or no part in the decision of what happens next . 

Frequency of Synset('play.v.03'): 29  (play on an instrument)
	 1.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 2.Example sentence: Every detail in his interpretation has been beautifully thought out , and of these I would especially cite the delicious landler touch the pianist brings to the fifth variation ( an obvious indication that he is playing with Viennese musicians ) , and the gossamer shading throughout . 
	 3.Example sentence: Helmut Roloff , playing with a group of musicians from the Bayreuth Ensemble , gives a sturdy reading , in much the same vein as that of the last mentioned pianists . 
	 4.Example sentence: Certainly not in Orchestra hall where he has played countless recitals , and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony orchestra , playing the Brahms Concerto with his own slashing , demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high , pale , pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music , or forever finds it closed . 

Frequency of Synset('act.v.03'): 34  (play a role or part)
	 1.Example sentence: `` The commercials have just been for money , there has n't been any real incentive for me to do them , but in Underwater Western Eye I 'd have a chance to act . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the end of work one day , the personnel man took the applicants one at a time , asked them to sit behind the receptionist 's desk and he then played the role of a number of people who might come to the receptionist with a number of queries and for a number of purposes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Somewhat to his surprise he found that one girl , whom he would never have considered for the job since she had appeared somewhat mousy and also had been in the office a relatively short time , did the most outstanding job of playing the role of receptionist , showing wit , sparkle , and aplomb . 
	 4.Example sentence: She was hired and was found to be entirely satisfactory when she played the role eight hours a day . 

Frequency of Synset('play.v.05'): 23  (be at play; be engaged in playful activity; amuse oneself in a way characteristic of children)
	 1.Example sentence: A dominant motive is the poet 's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Language was no problem anyway ; Mr. Phillips had only to signal from his doorway to summon aid from the ubiquitous bilingual children who played on the sidewalks of Mission Street . 
	 3.Example sentence: Out of the church and into his big car , it tooling over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the pike ahead and after he hit college , his expansiveness , the quaint little pine board tourist courts , cabins really , with a cute naked light bulb in the ceiling ( unfrosted and naked as a streetlight , like the one on the corner where you used to play when you were a kid , where you watched the bats swooping in after the bugs , watching in between your bouts at hopscotch ) , a room complete with moths pinging the light and the few casual cockroaches cruising the walls , an insect Highway Patrol with feelers waving . 
	 4.Example sentence: They never troubled themselves about us while we were playing , because the fence formed such a definite boundary and `` Do n't go outside the gate '' was a command so impossible of misinterpretation . 

Frequency of Synset('play.v.06'): 14  (replay (as a melody))
	 1.Example sentence: Sadie studied piano ; played Chopin in the `` Soiree Musicale of Mr. Guthrie 's Pupils '' ; and she recited `` Hector 's Farewell to Andromache '' most movingly , to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds ' in Baltimore . 
	 2.Example sentence: Chicago was also a welcome host : there , in 1921 , Prokofieff conducted the world premiere of the Love for Three Oranges , and played the first performance of his Third Piano Concerto . 
	 3.Example sentence: While Johnny made himself comfortable on the couch , I 'd play the tunes for him . 
	 4.Example sentence: After I would finish playing the songs , he 'd just go away without a comment . 

Frequency of Synset('bring.v.03'): 33  (cause to happen or to occur as a consequence)
	 1.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 2.Example sentence: Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Makes for confusion and congestion '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The partners each bring to it unselfish love , and each takes away an equal share of pleasure and joy . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('rate.n.02.rate')
Frequency of Synset('rate.n.01'): 68  (a magnitude or frequency relative to a time unit)
	 1.Example sentence: Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth , determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth . 
	 2.Example sentence: With the rapid rate of closure , the approach from below , the side , and ahead , there would be only a moment when damage could be done . 
	 3.Example sentence: Had Hoijer substituted for his 15 adjectival slots 15 good animal and plant items , his rate of stem replacement would have been lower and the age of Athabascan language separation smaller . 
	 4.Example sentence: I would propose , next , as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists , items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible . 

Frequency of Synset('rate.n.02'): 39  (amount of a charge or payment relative to some basis)
	 1.Example sentence: It can put an end to marginal claims which play havoc with your insurance rates . 
	 2.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the industry of this model , the effect of such public pressures in the past has been to hold the price well below the short-run profit maximizing price ( given the wage rate and the level of GNP ) , and even below the entry limited price ( but not below average cost ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , if public pressure sets the effective limit to the price that the industry may charge , this pressure is itself a function of the wage rate . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('policy.n.03.policy')
Frequency of Synset('policy.n.01'): 33  (a plan of action adopted by an individual or social group)
	 1.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would have been unwise policy , for instance , to apply the pound of flesh characterization to the thrifty Scotchman . 
	 4.Example sentence: In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto . 

Frequency of Synset('policy.n.02'): 25  (a line of argument rationalizing the course of action of a government)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 
	 3.Example sentence: Every policy officer cannot help but be a planning officer . 
	 4.Example sentence: The responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function , regardless of rank . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('discipline.n.01.field')
Frequency of Synset('field.n.01'): 17  (a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed)
	 1.Example sentence: A dominant motive is the poet 's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: They look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or eleven thousand villages , with an average of 200 souls . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls . 
	 4.Example sentence: And the fields were green and growing . 

Frequency of Synset('field.n.03'): 20  (somewhere (away from a studio or office or library or laboratory) where practical work is done or data is collected)
	 1.Example sentence: The merits of the Salk anti polio vaccine were not established on the forensic platform or in newspaper editorials , but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tone analysis will continue to be difficult and unsatisfactory until a more representative selection of systems is familar to every practicing field linguist . 
	 3.Example sentence: The second need is better field techniques . 
	 4.Example sentence: They will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures . 

Frequency of Synset('discipline.n.01'): 34  (a branch of knowledge)
	 1.Example sentence: Also , beware of open end policies , especially in the medical field . 
	 2.Example sentence: From the town surveyor , Hans learned drawing and mathematics and , from a university student , some academic subjects . 
	 3.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 

Frequency of Synset('field.n.05'): 14  (the space around a radiating body within which its electromagnetic oscillations can exert force on another similar body not in contact with it)
	 1.Example sentence: This is the same system as was used in the field sequential color TV system which preceded the present simultaneous system . 
	 2.Example sentence: The lines are asymmetric and over the range of field **f gauss and temperature **f the asymmetry increases with increasing **f and decreasing T . 
	 3.Example sentence: An isotropic resonance shift of **f to lower applied fields indicates a weak isotropic hyperfine contact interaction . 
	 4.Example sentence: Field shifts were derived from the mean value of the resonance line , defined as the field about which the first moment is zero . 

Frequency of Synset('sphere.n.01'): 28  (a particular environment or walk of life)
	 1.Example sentence: Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment , except for a lucky few . 
	 4.Example sentence: Similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('entail.v.01.mean')
Frequency of Synset('mean.v.01'): 95  (mean or intend to express or convey)
	 1.Example sentence: I mean , surely we 've - '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I mean : Is advertising honest ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Did , I mean '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: I mean , we all figured - I guess anybody 'd figure - Angie '' - 

Frequency of Synset('entail.v.01'): 95  (have as a logical consequence)
	 1.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 
	 2.Example sentence: The din was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around . 
	 3.Example sentence: A crucial question , therefore , is what evangelism and mission actually mean in metropolitan Protestantism . 
	 4.Example sentence: This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . 

Frequency of Synset('mean.v.03'): 46  (denote or connote)
	 1.Example sentence: Boun My - the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky - was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the village of Soukhouma , which means `` Peaceful '' , we had a baci . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 

Frequency of Synset('intend.v.01'): 57  (have in mind as a purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I do n't mean to pry , but do they hide the swimsuit with the bubbles ? 
	 3.Example sentence: I showed her the shower and tub , and she said , smiling , `` If you really do n't mind , I think I 'll get clean in the shower , then soak for a few minutes in your tub . 
	 4.Example sentence: I intend to include under the term all the practical courses open to boys and girls . 

Frequency of Synset('think_of.v.04'): 12  (intend to refer to)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 2.Example sentence: Anyway , it was evident what he had in mind '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . 
	 4.Example sentence: These courses develop skills other than those we think of when we use the adjective `` academic '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('increase.n.02.increase')
Frequency of Synset('addition.n.03'): 56  (a quantity that is added)
	 1.Example sentence: Because of its importance , and because the lack of price competition is well recognized , the industry is under considerable public pressure not to raise its price any more than could be justified by cost increases . 
	 2.Example sentence: The threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` gouging the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of endangering relations with customers , Congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases . 
	 3.Example sentence: The threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` gouging the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of endangering relations with customers , Congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases . 
	 4.Example sentence: The threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` gouging the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of endangering relations with customers , Congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases . 

Frequency of Synset('increase.n.02'): 21  (a change resulting in an increase)
	 1.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 
	 2.Example sentence: These expenditures are estimated to be $ 12.1 billion , an increase of $ 187 million over 1960 , reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: Retired pay costs are increased by $ 94 million in 1961 over 1960 , partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel . 
	 4.Example sentence: The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a 6 % increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1 , 1958 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('rise.v.02.go_up')
Frequency of Synset('rise.v.01'): 26  (move upward)
	 1.Example sentence: Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet . 
	 2.Example sentence: A further regulation is that commands always go down , unaccompanied by statements , and statements always go up , unaccompanied by commands . 
	 3.Example sentence: Through the splash of the rising waters , they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon , gnashing big chunks out of the banks . 
	 4.Example sentence: The dangerous current upon the prairie ceased , but the water stood and kept on rising . 

Frequency of Synset('rise.v.02'): 23  (increase in value or to a higher point)
	 1.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 
	 2.Example sentence: The temperature rose to 105 ` . 
	 3.Example sentence: The revenue from O ' Banion 's Cicero territory went up still higher , until the yield was more than the Torrio-Capone takings from the far bigger trade area of Chicago 's South and West Sides . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this model , we abstract from all non wage sources of cost changes , so that the `` public limit price '' only rises as the wage rate rises . 

Frequency of Synset('approach.v.01'): 40  (move towards)
	 1.Example sentence: Nearing home , he jerked to attention at the distant crack of a gun . 
	 2.Example sentence: The development and testing of new apparatus to measure other properties is nearing completion . 
	 3.Example sentence: Curt approached the place cautiously , and watched it several minutes from the protection of a grove of trees . 
	 4.Example sentence: Stravinsky , nearing the age of eighty , is like a lost and frantic bird , flitting from one abandoned nest to another , searching for a home . 

Frequency of Synset('climb.v.01'): 34  (go upward with gradual or continuous progress)
	 1.Example sentence: Climbing the steps steadily , they reached the top and headed for the door . 
	 2.Example sentence: Gradually the wash climbed upward , forcing him toward open range . 
	 3.Example sentence: He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess 's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside . 
	 4.Example sentence: As far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('manner.n.01.manner')
Frequency of Synset('manner.n.01'): 231  (how something is done or how it happens)
	 1.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 
	 2.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 3.Example sentence: For all her domineering ways , I can n't conceive of her having had a deadly enemy '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves . 

Frequency of Synset('manner.n.02'): 14  (a way of acting or behaving)
	 1.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 2.Example sentence: I 'm talking about the grand manner of the Liberal - North and South - who is not affected personally . 
	 3.Example sentence: So we are faced with a vast network of amorphous entities perpetuating themselves in whatever manner they can , without regard to the needs of society , controlling society and forcing upon it a regime representing only the corporation 's needs for survival . 
	 4.Example sentence: The deputy had forced him to by his manner of accosting him . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('dollar.n.01.dollar')
Frequency of Synset('dollar.n.01'): 23  (the basic monetary unit in many countries; equal to 100 cents)
	 1.Example sentence: Put a dollar and cents limit on benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; to Brian Thayer , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker 's employ at the time of the latter 's death . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World - the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated - the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America - the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso - the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art - the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Three hundred dollars ! 

Frequency of Synset('dollar.n.02'): 11  (a piece of paper money worth one dollar)
	 1.Example sentence: In six years , U. S. aid had amounted to more than $ 1.60 for each American - a total of three hundred million dollars . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` We know Penny spent some - and Carmer must have dropped a few dollars getting that load on '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Carpenters all wanted steady work and at the moment every mother's son for twenty miles around that could hammer nails for twenty-five dollars a day was working on the school job . 
	 4.Example sentence: Many industry trade associations are developing campaigns to protect or enhance the share of the consumer 's dollar being spent on their particular products . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('death.n.01.death')
Frequency of Synset('death.n.01'): 35  (the event of dying or departure from life)
	 1.Example sentence: Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . 
	 2.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 
	 3.Example sentence: Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; to Brian Thayer , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker 's employ at the time of the latter 's death . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 

Frequency of Synset('death.n.02'): 36  (the permanent end of all life functions in an organism or part of an organism)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Do n't forget , there was the hope it would pass for a natural death '' , Pauling reminded him . 
	 2.Example sentence: No other cause of death apparent . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oh , the time of death . 
	 4.Example sentence: He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; he might be Mrs. Meeker 's murderer or have played some part in her death . 

Frequency of Synset('death.n.03'): 20  (the absence of life or state of being dead)
	 1.Example sentence: Also , reserve the right to demand proof of death despite the fact that you 'll probably never use it . 
	 2.Example sentence: I asked about the battle between life and death in his plays . 
	 3.Example sentence: Didi and Gogo hover on the edge of suicide ; Hamm 's world is death and Clov may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside . 
	 4.Example sentence: If life and death did not both present themselves to us , there would be no inscrutability . 

Frequency of Synset('death.n.04'): 14  (the time when something ends)
	 1.Example sentence: The birth of the myth compensates for the death of the ideal . 
	 2.Example sentence: And he knew in that moment , with a cold sinking of despair , a dying of old hopes , that Mae had spread some kind of word there among the neighbors . 
	 3.Example sentence: First came the cannon fodder , white clad civilians being driven into death as a massive human battering ram . 
	 4.Example sentence: But Michael Sept had unmasked him , revealing he had never been a bishop , but was an Anabaptist , afraid to state his faith , because he knew John Calvin had written a book against their belief that the soul slept after death . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('by_and_large.r.01.generally')
Frequency of Synset('by_and_large.r.01'): 40  (usually; as a rule)
	 1.Example sentence: Generally , your employee will greatly appreciate benefits that protect him during his working life or during retirement . 
	 2.Example sentence: Intermarriage , which is generally regarded as a threat to Jewish survival , was regarded not with horror or apprehension but with a kind of mild , clinical disapproval . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , in their junior and senior years , they generally forego their athletic pursuits , presumably in the interest of better academic achievement . 
	 4.Example sentence: Besides , Miss Henrietta - as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a chignon in the back - had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing ; so Cyrus Adler became interested in her friend Racie Friedenwald , and Joe Jastrow - the only young man who when he wrote had the temerity to address her as Henrietta , and signed himself Joe - fell in love with pretty sister Rachel . 

Frequency of Synset('generally.r.02'): 11  (without distinction of one from others)
	 1.Example sentence: Indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . 
	 2.Example sentence: In general , religious interest seems to exist in all parts of the metropolis ; congregational membership , however , is another thing . 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . 
	 4.Example sentence: In general , however , the timetable of travel lags considerably behind that of the student at Harvard or Smith . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('life.n.03.life')
Frequency of Synset('life.n.01'): 65  (a characteristic state or mode of living)
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: The young poet painter reproduces the French life of the streets ; he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights , and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus . 
	 3.Example sentence: One need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself . 
	 4.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` folksy spirit '' of Protestant religious life ; in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish . 

Frequency of Synset('life.n.02'): 58  (the experience of being alive; the course of human events and activities)
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 3.Example sentence: True , ideas are important , perhaps life 's most precious treasures . 
	 4.Example sentence: Bertha , blue-eyed like Mamma , was from the start her mother 's daughter , destined for her mother 's role in life . 

Frequency of Synset('life.n.03'): 37  (the course of existence of an individual; the actions and events that occur in living)
	 1.Example sentence: Generally , your employee will greatly appreciate benefits that protect him during his working life or during retirement . 
	 2.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 
	 3.Example sentence: To get it out into the daylight 's glow Is my life 's aim both first and last , the whole . 
	 4.Example sentence: That little spark is all the wealth I know , That little spark is my life 's misery '' . 

Frequency of Synset('animation.n.01'): 24  (the condition of living or the state of being alive)
	 1.Example sentence: Even life in harmony with death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Generally , the same level of living costs less in the country than in the city . 
	 3.Example sentence: Many of them paid for their curiosity with their lives , for some minutes later the first giant wave roared over the shore . 
	 4.Example sentence: If you do n't leave this country within 3 days , your life will be taken the same as Powell 's was . 

Frequency of Synset('life.n.05'): 19  (the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death))
	 1.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted 's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is at this point in his life that the mature Prokofieff emerges . 
	 4.Example sentence: How differently Prokofieff 's life unfolded . 

Frequency of Synset('life.n.06'): 15  (the period between birth and the present time)
	 1.Example sentence: Would you be happier if I made up some stories about my life , told you some lies ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He had lived all his life waiting for her . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was strange stuff - it reminded me of the pictures of a child , but a child who has never played with other kids and has lived all its life with adults . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the same time , you have to face facts and realize that a man who 's been in the Marine Corps all his life does n't understand much about politics . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('allow.v.03.grant')
Frequency of Synset('allow.v.03'): 31  (let have)
	 1.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 2.Example sentence: We granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was no lock because Herman did n't allow a lock . 
	 4.Example sentence: With the exception of the Roman Catholic and the Orthodox Catholic Churches , most churches make no moral distinction between rhythm and mechanical or chemical contraceptives , allowing the couple free choice . 

Frequency of Synset('award.v.02'): 11  (give as judged due or on the basis of merit)
	 1.Example sentence: In addition to the penalties provided in title 18 , United States Code , section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with respect to any matter under this Title , shall forfeit all rights under this Title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whoever , in the United States or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $ 5000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this title . 
	 3.Example sentence: Indeed , it has only been a matter of the last few years that reputable schools of art have granted degrees at all . 
	 4.Example sentence: Independent art schools granting degrees must , naturally , follow this with academic accreditation by the appropriate regional group . 

Frequency of Synset('concede.v.02'): 11  (be willing to concede)
	 1.Example sentence: I granted this might be so , but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously . 
	 2.Example sentence: Socialism , I grant , has a definite place in our society . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1930 , the Lambeth Conference again affirmed the primary purpose of marriage to be the procreation of children , but conceded that , in certain limited circumstances , contraception might be morally legitimate . 
	 4.Example sentence: And even as she , having indeed a husband , Adam , but being nevertheless as yet a virgin , having become disobedient , was made the cause of death , both to herself and to the entire human race ; so also did Mary , having a man betrothed [ to her ] , and being nevertheless a virgin , by yielding obedience , become the cause of salvation , both to herself and the whole human race '' . 

Frequency of Synset('accord.v.02'): 12  (allow to have)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant . 
	 2.Example sentence: Telefunken has accorded him beautiful sound , and this bargain-priced disc ( it sells for $ 2.98 ) is worthy of consideration . 
	 3.Example sentence: Before adjournment Monday afternoon , the Senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Belgian Congo was granted its independence with what seemed a workable Western-style form of government : 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('specify.v.02.specify')
Frequency of Synset('stipulate.v.01'): 11  (specify as a condition or requirement in a contract or agreement; make an express demand or provision in an agreement)
	 1.Example sentence: For the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it . 
	 2.Example sentence: It stipulates , in addition , that all amounts remaining as a result of imposing the `` ceiling '' , and not used for insuring the `` floor '' , be redistributed to those States still below their maximums . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the States which maintain two separate agencies - one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind , and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind - the Act specifies that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954 . 
	 4.Example sentence: The credit requirements stipulate that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that , with loan assistance from the SBA , it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis . 

Frequency of Synset('specify.v.02'): 33  (decide upon or fix definitely)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? 
	 2.Example sentence: When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 4.Example sentence: The commands are specified by the military regulations ; are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . 

Frequency of Synset('specify.v.03'): 23  (determine the essential quality of)
	 1.Example sentence: The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation . 
	 2.Example sentence: The commands are specified by the military regulations ; are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . 
	 3.Example sentence: How do we define it ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The key to effective marketing is wrapped up in defining your company 's marketing problems realistically . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('list.v.01.list')
Frequency of Synset('list.v.01'): 23  (give or make a list of; name individually; give the names of)
	 1.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 2.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of types of message listed in Table 1 , commands and statements are the only ones sent through the vertical network shown in Figure 3 . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication , in which , in listing ' Two Stem Meanings ' , I set off by asterisks those forms in which n of stem B was * * f of stem A 3 , the unasterisked ones standing for * * f ; or under ' Four Stems ' , I set off by asterisks cases where the combined n of stems * * f was * * f . 

Frequency of Synset('list.v.02'): 19  (include in a list)
	 1.Example sentence: There at the river 's edge waited one Henry Greene , whom Hudson listed as a `` clerk '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: List the number of hours the family can be expected to work each month . 
	 3.Example sentence: All the additives listed here are sanctioned for use by the Food and Drug Administration of the federal government . 
	 4.Example sentence: The drug 's chemical name is listed , since most states require feed processors to use this name instead of the trade name on the feed tag . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('qualify.v.01.qualify')
Frequency of Synset('qualify.v.01'): 14  (prove capable or fit; meet requirements)
	 1.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 2.Example sentence: If your employer reimburses you for expenses incurred , you deduct such expenses if they otherwise qualify . 
	 3.Example sentence: If your child is under 19 or is a student you may also claim an exemption for him if he qualifies as your dependent , even though he earns $ 600 or more . 
	 4.Example sentence: One of his innovations was to see to it that every man - cook and clerk as well as rifleman - qualified with every weapon in the troop . 

Frequency of Synset('stipulate.v.01'): 11  (specify as a condition or requirement in a contract or agreement; make an express demand or provision in an agreement)
	 1.Example sentence: For the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it . 
	 2.Example sentence: It stipulates , in addition , that all amounts remaining as a result of imposing the `` ceiling '' , and not used for insuring the `` floor '' , be redistributed to those States still below their maximums . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the States which maintain two separate agencies - one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind , and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind - the Act specifies that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954 . 
	 4.Example sentence: The credit requirements stipulate that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that , with loan assistance from the SBA , it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('right.n.01.right')
Frequency of Synset('right.n.01'): 38  (an abstract idea of that which is due to a person or governmental body by law or tradition or nature; ; - Eleanor Roosevelt)
	 1.Example sentence: Also , reserve the right to demand proof of death despite the fact that you 'll probably never use it . 
	 2.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 3.Example sentence: He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim - all in violation of the Fifth Amendment . 
	 4.Example sentence: Petitioner also claimed at trial the right to inspect the original Federal Bureau of Investigation reports to the Department of Justice . 

Frequency of Synset('right.n.02'): 12  (location near or direction toward the right side; i.e. the side to the south when a person or object faces east)
	 1.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 3.Example sentence: He walked with a heavy list to the right , as that leg was four inches shorter than the other , but the lurch did not reduce his feline quickness with his guns . 
	 4.Example sentence: Cooper was beside his car , on the curb at the right , just standing there morosely ; he did n't even look up . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('demand.v.03.demand')
Frequency of Synset('demand.v.01'): 42  (request urgently and forcefully)
	 1.Example sentence: A freshman girl 's father not too long ago called a dean at Brooklyn College and demanded the `` low-down '' on a boy who was going out with his daughter . 
	 2.Example sentence: Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it . 
	 3.Example sentence: A further example of the incompatible difference in personalities was when two policemen held up a Torrio beer convoy on a West Side street and demanded $ 300 to let it through . 
	 4.Example sentence: The union vigorously demands wage increases from productivity increases , and wage increases to offset cost-of-living increases , but we abstract from these forces here . 

Frequency of Synset('necessitate.v.01'): 320  (require as useful, just, or proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('real.s.03.real')
Frequency of Synset('real.a.01'): 52  (being or occurring in fact or actuality; having verified existence; not illusory; ; ; ; ; ; - Longfellow)
	 1.Example sentence: He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . 
	 2.Example sentence: Harris J. Griston , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Research , on the other hand , has shown many stepmothers to be eminently successful , some far better than the real mothers . 
	 4.Example sentence: In we 're painting at our garage strong stress on at indicates that the job being done is not real painting but simply an effort at painting . 

Frequency of Synset('real.a.02'): 13  (no less than what is stated; worthy of the name)
	 1.Example sentence: As I see it , there 's no real difference between being Jewish , Catholic , or Protestant '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: There has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance . 
	 3.Example sentence: In I have things to do the word things makes little real contribution to meaning and has weaker stress than do . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` They knew I was a good sharecrop farmer back in Carolina , but out West was a chance to build a real farm of our own . 

Frequency of Synset('actual.s.03'): 16  (being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something; ; - G.K.Chesterton)
	 1.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 2.Example sentence: Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity , before its final recommendation to the appeal board , to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching . 
	 3.Example sentence: Anyone who tried to remedy some of the most glaring defects in our form of democracy was denounced as a traitorous red whose real purpose was the destruction of our government . 
	 4.Example sentence: The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('production.n.01.production')
Frequency of Synset('production.n.01'): 36  (the act or process of producing something)
	 1.Example sentence: Vending machines can alleviate the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time . 
	 2.Example sentence: Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . 
	 3.Example sentence: You may save valuable production minutes with a change . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation . 

Frequency of Synset('production.n.02'): 12  (a presentation for the stage or screen or radio or television)
	 1.Example sentence: My lovely caller - Joyce Holland was her name - had previously done three filmed commercials for ZING , and this evening , the fourth , a super production , had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor . 
	 2.Example sentence: Everett Miller , then assistant director for the Garrick Gaieties , a Theatre Guild production , needed a lyricist for a song he had written ; he just happened not to need any actor at the moment , however . 
	 3.Example sentence: In many cases the revolutionary production has offered no more than sensational effects : 
	 4.Example sentence: The whole production this week is fresh and lively . 

Frequency of Synset('product.n.02'): 31  (an artifact that has been created by someone or some process)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 3.Example sentence: Similar measurements are being initiated to resolve a large discrepancy in the heat of formation of another important combustion product , beryllium fluoride . 
	 4.Example sentence: All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sell.v.01.sell')
Frequency of Synset('sell.v.01'): 73  (exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent)
	 1.Example sentence: If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . 
	 2.Example sentence: And the school newspaper sells space to jubilant fraternities , sororities , and houses ( in the House Plan Association ) that have good news to impart . 
	 3.Example sentence: A couple decks for me , Mr. Skyros - and ten twelve to sell , see , I like to have a little ready cash '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I suppose '' , he muttered , `` I can sell the outfit for enough to send you home to your folks , once we find a settlement '' . 

Frequency of Synset('sell.v.02'): 12  (be sold at a certain price or in a certain way)
	 1.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Waiting for Godot '' sells even better in America than in France . 
	 3.Example sentence: He has also enjoyed a successful career as an entertainer ( his records have sold in the millions ) and is a sharp businessman . 
	 4.Example sentence: Telefunken has accorded him beautiful sound , and this bargain-priced disc ( it sells for $ 2.98 ) is worthy of consideration . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('bring.v.04.get')
Frequency of Synset('get.v.01'): 254  (come into the possession of something concrete or abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: They get all the glory and most of the pay and do n't earn ten cents apiece on the average , the drunken rascals '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: and getting them seemed a life 's work . 
	 4.Example sentence: What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor 's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes - and handbag containing her identification . 

Frequency of Synset('become.v.01'): 467  (enter or assume a certain state or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Even two or three years ago I doubt that she 'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: The theory of international law , which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in Europe and America , broke this unity and this universality . 
	 3.Example sentence: Indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . 
	 4.Example sentence: A Texan wrote to a male companion at home : `` What has become of Halda and Laura ? 

Frequency of Synset('get.v.03'): 144  (cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Have the insurance company or your own accounting department break down the cost of your insurance package periodically . 
	 2.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure , the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses , the one who goes the farthest to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort . 
	 4.Example sentence: Really he had Mr. Skyros at bay . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.02'): 119  (receive a specified treatment (abstract))
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Humor found many modes of expression . 
	 3.Example sentence: A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 

Frequency of Synset('arrive.v.01'): 302  (reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress)
	 1.Example sentence: We got to one house where there were five secessionist they brok + run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them . 
	 2.Example sentence: The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office . 

Frequency of Synset('bring.v.04'): 64  (go or come after and bring or take back)
	 1.Example sentence: If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth brought one out . 
	 3.Example sentence: She went downstairs and received another curious shock , for when Glendora flapped into the dining room in her homemade moccasins , Sarah asked her when she had brought coffee to her room and Glendora said she had n't . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Well , then who brought it '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('experience.v.03'): 249  (go through (mental or physical states or experiences))
	 1.Example sentence: Even Hudson , experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was , must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames . 
	 2.Example sentence: Professor Fredrik Bo ^ o ^ k , Sweden 's foremost critic of the period , acclaims it as follows : `` In this we have the verse of a painter ; strongly colorful , plastic , racy , vivid . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 4.Example sentence: Boun My - the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky - was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . 

Frequency of Synset('pay_back.v.02'): 17  (take vengeance on or get even)
	 1.Example sentence: George said , `` First thing I do when I get to Vicksburg again , is get me a Yankee '' - 
	 2.Example sentence: This so infuriated Deegan that he spun around and said : `` I 'll get that little bastard . 
	 3.Example sentence: So help me God , I 'll get him '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Jee - sus , We Fixed him ! 

Frequency of Synset('have.v.17'): 16  (achieve a point or goal)
	 1.Example sentence: It is interesting to note that medium compulsives in the unstructured schools made the lowest achievement scores ( although not significantly lower ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I kicked about 110 extra points in 135 tries during three years in high school '' , he said , `` and made 26 in a row at one time . 
	 3.Example sentence: In their first three games , the Longhorns have had the ball 41 times and scored 16 times , or 40 per cent their total passing yardage in three games , 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts , is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959 , when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries . 
	 4.Example sentence: Three were doubles , Brooks Robinson getting a pair and Marv Breeding one . 

Frequency of Synset('induce.v.02'): 122  (cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner)
	 1.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 
	 2.Example sentence: He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 4.Example sentence: As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared . 

Frequency of Synset('get.v.11'): 14  (succeed in catching or seizing, especially after a chase)
	 1.Example sentence: Nobody wanted Americans to be hurt or captured , and few soldiers could be spared as escorts . 
	 2.Example sentence: He catches criminals not merely because he is paid to do so ( frequently he does not receive a fee at all ) , but because he enjoys his work , because he firmly believes that murder must be punished . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the same time , because the personal code of the detective coincides with the legal dictates of his society , because he likes to catch criminals , he is in middle class eyes a virtuous man . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the end , he gets his man , but no one seems to care ; virtue is its own and only reward . 

Frequency of Synset('grow.v.08'): 23  (come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes))
	 1.Example sentence: It was only a fifteen minute flight , but before it was through Greg felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pa had his head up , glaring , his teeth gnawing at the place where he 'd grown a mustache once . 
	 3.Example sentence: One might also wonder if monkeys are capable of developing bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse . 
	 4.Example sentence: The policeman got a confused , funny look on his face , and he had answered kind of politely , `` Now , look here , lady : I know you got to entertain these kids and all . 

Frequency of Synset('make.v.02'): 423  (give certain properties to something)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 4.Example sentence: Make sure you do n't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working . 

Frequency of Synset('get_down.v.07'): 436  (take the first step or steps in carrying out an action)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth 's glance began to flicker to his watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 4.Example sentence: The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman . 

Frequency of Synset('suffer.v.02'): 25  (undergo (as of injuries and illnesses))
	 1.Example sentence: Sadie , like Beth March , suffered ill health - got rheumatic fever and had to be careful of her heart - but that never dampened her spirits . 
	 2.Example sentence: But Johnson could n't quickly unwire the truck door , and if I escaped , he might suffer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Before the fight was over , the Harlem boy had a concussion and Trig was cut up badly . 
	 4.Example sentence: - Held out of Texas Tech 's sweat suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle Richard Stafford , who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders ' 38 - 7 loss to Texas A+M . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('put.v.01.place')
Frequency of Synset('put.v.01'): 310  (put into a certain place or abstract location)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: Put a dollar and cents limit on benefits . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 4.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 

Frequency of Synset('place.v.02'): 13  (place somebody in a particular situation or location)
	 1.Example sentence: As capitalism in the 20 th century has become increasingly dependent upon force and violence for its survival , the private detective is placed in a serious dilemma . 
	 2.Example sentence: By upholding his own personal code of behavior , the private detective has placed himself in opposition to a society whose fabric is permeated with crime and corruption . 
	 3.Example sentence: His maneuvering for the shot had placed him near the overcast , almost inverted and heading up into the clouds . 
	 4.Example sentence: The medieval was the most important to Chambers because he sought to place Thomas More , the author of Utopia , in some intelligible relation with St. Thomas More , the martyr . 

Frequency of Synset('rate.v.01'): 18  (assign a rank or rating to)
	 1.Example sentence: An objective scale was developed for rating school neighborhoods from these data . 
	 2.Example sentence: For instance , the following statement was rated low in compulsivity , `` She 's naturally quite neat about things , but it does n't bother her at all if her room gets messy . 
	 3.Example sentence: The modern student , who knows what was to come next , is likely to place first the factors of change which are visible in the eighth century . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is brought to packing houses , cleaned and graded as to size and quality , and packed in protective excelsior . 

Frequency of Synset('target.v.01'): 18  (intend (something) to move towards a certain goal)
	 1.Example sentence: Moreover , the hearing officer 's report is but intradepartmental , is directed to the Attorney General and , of course , is not the recommendation of the Department . 
	 2.Example sentence: But it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology . 
	 3.Example sentence: But , in general , we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other . 
	 4.Example sentence: In June 1845 , the Governor and Council of Assiniboia imposed a 20 per cent duty on imports via Hudson's Bay which were viewed as aimed at the `` very vitals of the Company 's trade and power '' . 

Frequency of Synset('identify.v.01'): 34  (recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something)
	 1.Example sentence: Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 * * f , with an uncertainty of 0.10 * * f . 
	 2.Example sentence: It seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them , could place them , it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla . 
	 3.Example sentence: Elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas in order to identify sufficient numbers of local job vacancies and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills . 
	 4.Example sentence: It would have been easy to identify as opium by its odor . 

Frequency of Synset('invest.v.01'): 11  (make an investment)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: It may not be profitable for a part-time farmer to own the labor-saving machinery that a full-time farmer can invest in profitably . 
	 3.Example sentence: Returns for money and labor invested may be small even in a good year . 
	 4.Example sentence: To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income , divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('supply.v.01.supply')
Frequency of Synset('supply.v.01'): 351  (give something useful or necessary to)
	 1.Example sentence: If you provide inter plant transportation , can this be replaced by available public transportation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 3.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1609 , the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson , gave him two learned geographers , fitted him out with a ship called the Half Moon , and supplied him with Dutch sailors . 

Frequency of Synset('issue.v.02'): 20  (circulate or distribute or equip with)
	 1.Example sentence: The Manchester Depot Sewer Company issued 214 shares of stock at $ 10 each for construction of a sewer in that locality , and assessments were made for its maintenance . 
	 2.Example sentence: The pulmonary artery , in addition to supplying the distal portion of the respiratory bronchiole , the alveolar duct , and the alveoli , continues on and directly supplies the thin pleura ( fig. 8 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: The pulmonary artery , in addition to supplying the distal portion of the respiratory bronchiole , the alveolar duct , and the alveoli , continues on and directly supplies the thin pleura ( fig. 8 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: It does , as in type 1 , , supply the hilar lymph nodes , the pulmonary artery , the pulmonary vein , the bronchi , and the bronchioles - terminating in a common capillary bed with the pulmonary artery at the level of the respiratory bronchiole . 

Frequency of Synset('provide.v.02'): 33  (give what is desired or needed, especially support, food or sustenance)
	 1.Example sentence: The Pathet Lao , stiffened by Communist Veterans from neighboring North Viet Nam , were supplied by Soviet aircraft . 
	 2.Example sentence: All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . 
	 3.Example sentence: Transportation may be provided from nearby school districts . 
	 4.Example sentence: The task of providing a reasonable level of military strength , without endangering other vital aspects of our security , is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress . 

Frequency of Synset('add.v.02'): 64  (state or say further)
	 1.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: Others added that Juet had wanted to turn the ship homeward . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pamela North said , `` Hi '' , to her cats , and added that proper cats met their humans at the door . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You seem to have read so much , you have a natural gift for words '' , he added , trying to flatter her vanity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('full.s.06.good')
Frequency of Synset('good.a.01'): 165  (having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified)
	 1.Example sentence: Philip Staffe , the ship 's carpenter , was a good worker , but perversely independent . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1610 , Hudson was probably in his early forties , a good navigator , a stubborn voyager , but otherwise fatally unsuited to his chosen profession . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Better stay in the hotel lobby , where the walls looked good and thick . 

Frequency of Synset('full.s.06'): 19  (having the normally expected amount)
	 1.Example sentence: Otherwise , you may be saddled with a good size milk bill by milk drinkers . 
	 2.Example sentence: There had been a good second or two during which my muffler had been blowing out , and now I was certain I 'd seen her somewhere before . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board . 
	 4.Example sentence: The front windows of the place were long and narrow , reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior . 

Frequency of Synset('good.a.03'): 11  (morally admirable)
	 1.Example sentence: If he is good , he may not be legal ; if he is legal , he may not be good . 
	 2.Example sentence: If he is good , he may not be legal ; if he is legal , he may not be good . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I 'm a good Baptist , and drinking & & & '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Good man , Styka '' . 

Frequency of Synset('estimable.s.02'): 13  (deserving of esteem and respect)
	 1.Example sentence: Still another boy asserted : `` To be a good Jew is to do no wrong ; it 's to be a good person '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: When asked how this was different from being a good Protestant , the boy answered , `` It 's the same thing '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 4.Example sentence: It ignores the sordid financial aspects ( quite conveniently , too , for his audience , who could indulge in moral indignation without visible , or even conscious , discomfort , their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage ) . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('keep.v.01.keep')
Frequency of Synset('keep.v.01'): 297  (keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,)
	 1.Example sentence: Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . 
	 2.Example sentence: Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 

Frequency of Synset('continue.v.01'): 180  (continue a certain state, condition, or activity)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 3.Example sentence: He went on to personal bequests , a list of names largely unknown to him . 
	 4.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 

Frequency of Synset('keep.v.03'): 30  (retain possession of)
	 1.Example sentence: Hands on Bible , seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins . 
	 2.Example sentence: These were to be kept on , to hold in the 32 souls . 
	 3.Example sentence: A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws , but he kept control upon his voice . 
	 4.Example sentence: A 10 - gallon garbage can , with a tightly fitting cover , could be used to keep the wastes until it is safe to leave the shelter . 

Frequency of Synset('prevent.v.02'): 58  (stop (someone or something) from doing something or being in a certain state)
	 1.Example sentence: I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . 
	 2.Example sentence: Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit . 
	 3.Example sentence: But that did not prevent him from writing more long letters , or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable , lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street . 
	 4.Example sentence: Gun set the captain 's fifth of Hiram Walker inside the safe before he reported to Lt. Killpath , though he knew that Killpath 's ulcer prevented him from making any untoward incursion on Herman Wolff 's gift . 

Frequency of Synset('sustain.v.04'): 18  (supply with necessities and support)
	 1.Example sentence: Manthey maintained a valuable collection of physical and chemical apparatus which was at Oersted 's disposal during and after his graduation . 
	 2.Example sentence: But Blanche had been able to maintain a serene and assured composure in the face of her widowed mother 's continued carping , had been able to resist her urgings to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of matrimony . 
	 3.Example sentence: But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths . 
	 4.Example sentence: This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says Pasley , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` Belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' . 

Frequency of Synset('observe.v.06'): 16  (behave as expected during of holidays or rites)
	 1.Example sentence: Of these there are surely few that would be more rewarding discoveries than Verner von Heidenstam , the Swedish poet and novelist who received the award in 1916 and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago . 
	 2.Example sentence: On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30 th anniversary . 
	 3.Example sentence: The place was evidently a familiar haunt and Claire wondered what other illicit loves had been celebrated in the comfortable rooms to which they were shown . 
	 4.Example sentence: On my first Guy Fawkes Day here , I found Catholics as well as non Catholics celebrating with the traditional fireworks and bonfires , and was told that most Englishmen either do not know or are not concerned with the historical significance of the day . 

Frequency of Synset('restrain.v.01'): 12  (keep under control; keep in check)
	 1.Example sentence: Even the officer in charge , be it a captain ( for small display ) or a general , is restrained by monitoring . 
	 2.Example sentence: New Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence , as Jefferson explained in his `` Autobiography '' : `` The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia , who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it . 
	 3.Example sentence: None of this showed in his face , and he tried to keep his skepticism in hand . 
	 4.Example sentence: As he declaimed the sonorous measures , it was as much as Claire could do to restrain herself from bursting out with her dramatic tidings . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('possible.a.01.possible')
Frequency of Synset('possible.a.01'): 131  (capable of happening or existing)
	 1.Example sentence: And so deadheads on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age . 
	 2.Example sentence: Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks . 
	 3.Example sentence: A nation such as Switzerland could be neutralized by agreement and could be relied upon to protect its neutrality ; more doubtful , but possible , ( with an assist from the North ) was the neutralization of the Latin American countries ; out of the question was the neutralization of Asia and Africa . 
	 4.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 

Frequency of Synset('potential.a.01'): 27  (existing in possibility)
	 1.Example sentence: This limited familiarity with the possible phenomena has severely hampered work with tone . 
	 2.Example sentence: Apparently the feeling is that anything more would be involvement in technical abstrusenesses of possible pedantic interest but of no visible significance in practical affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: I murmured something about a possible difference between New Mexico 's history and Mississippi 's . 
	 4.Example sentence: Indeed , in some periods of our history and in some neighborhoods the job opportunities have been so good that undoubtedly a great many boys who were potential members of the professions quit school at an early age and went to work . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('connect.v.01.tie')
Frequency of Synset('tie.v.01'): 12  (fasten or secure with a rope, string, or cord)
	 1.Example sentence: Then , one after another , the villagers tied the waiting cotton strings around our wrists . 
	 2.Example sentence: Opposite every gate was a hitching post or a stone carriage step , set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse . 
	 3.Example sentence: I found a trooper once the Apache had spread-eagled on an ant hill , and another time we ran across some teamsters they 'd caught , tied upside down on their own wagon wheels over little fires until their brains was exploded right out o ' their skulls . 
	 4.Example sentence: At that moment the bathroom door flew open and Eugene came out , with his face lathered for shaving , and strode down the hall , tying the sash of his dressing gown as he went . 

Frequency of Synset('connect.v.01'): 12  (connect, fasten, or put together two or more pieces)
	 1.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 2.Example sentence: I have no picture in my mind of the garden as a whole - that I could not see - but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the memory : wind-blown , frost-bitten , white chrysanthemums beneath a window , with their brittle brown leaves and their sharp scent of November ; ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty slippered foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , brown edged holes ; hot colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch , where we passed on our way to the pump with the half gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it . 
	 3.Example sentence: This initiates the second step of glossary lookup - connecting the information cell of forms in the text form list to dictionary forms . 
	 4.Example sentence: If cell * * f is an information cell , it and any information cells in the Y-region that have been linked to * * f each contain an address in the W-region where a potentially matching form is stored . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('work_force.n.01.men')
Frequency of Synset('work_force.n.01'): 36  (the force of workers available)
	 1.Example sentence: Younger men usually do n't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they 're liable to change jobs several times before settling down . 
	 2.Example sentence: When she reached port , she was found to have on board only eight men , all near starvation . 
	 3.Example sentence: What happened to the fourteen missing men ? 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1602 , George Waymouth , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . 

Frequency of Synset('man.n.01'): 435  (an adult person who is male (as opposed to a woman))
	 1.Example sentence: He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm . 
	 2.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 3.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 4.Example sentence: At first glance , not much of a motive for a man of his standing ; but for all his air of affluence , who could tell what his private financial picture was ? 

Frequency of Synset('serviceman.n.01'): 52  (someone who serves in the armed forces; a member of a military force)
	 1.Example sentence: `` We '' were Bill Garrett of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; Boun My , our interpreter ; and myself . 
	 2.Example sentence: Commands go only from an officer to the man of nearest lower rank . 
	 3.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 
	 4.Example sentence: The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are : ( a ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. . 

Frequency of Synset('man.n.03'): 62  (the generic use of the word to refer to any human being)
	 1.Example sentence: Can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained first-aid man who works full-time on some other assignment ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He said that he had already told the police chief that he did n't know what insurance man had recommended Johnston to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The man 's true reputation is his work '' . 

Frequency of Synset('homo.n.02'): 30  (any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superior intelligence, articulate speech, and erect carriage)
	 1.Example sentence: Whereas the eighteenth century had been a time in which man sought justice , the nineteenth and twentieth have been centuries in which men are satisfied with law . 
	 2.Example sentence: But to me Beckett 's writing had seemed permeated with love for human beings and with a kind of humor that I could reconcile neither with despair nor with nihilism . 
	 3.Example sentence: In hunger stimulates man too the situation is very similar . 
	 4.Example sentence: Strong stress on hunger treats hunger as an additional stimulus , strong stress on stimulates treats stimulation as an additional effect of hunger , strong stress on man treats man as an additional creature who responds to the stimulation of hunger . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('think_of.v.03.think_of')
Frequency of Synset('remember.v.02'): 52  (keep in mind for attention or consideration)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 2.Example sentence: You see , you got to remember , we all got schedules , like any business ! 
	 3.Example sentence: Alison was still sound asleep ; he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag , and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom , which tasted peculiarly of face powder . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had never heard so many bells , and as he lay there listening , he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps . 

Frequency of Synset('think_of.v.04'): 12  (intend to refer to)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 2.Example sentence: Anyway , it was evident what he had in mind '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . 
	 4.Example sentence: These courses develop skills other than those we think of when we use the adjective `` academic '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('important.a.01.important')
Frequency of Synset('important.a.01'): 144  (of great significance or value)
	 1.Example sentence: Younger men usually do n't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they 're liable to change jobs several times before settling down . 
	 2.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 3.Example sentence: His chief discovery was important - the Great North ( later , the Hudson ) River - but it produced no northwest passage . 
	 4.Example sentence: The important result , however , was that Juet and Francis Clemens , the deposed boatswain , became Hudson 's sworn enemies . 

Frequency of Synset('significant.a.01'): 22  (important in effect or meaning)
	 1.Example sentence: It is also significant that neither this report nor the hearing officer 's notes were furnished to the appeal board . 
	 2.Example sentence: One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college oriented . 
	 3.Example sentence: One of the significant developments in American Jewish life is that the cultural consumers are largely the women . 
	 4.Example sentence: A significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of Prandtl numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('switch.v.03.change')
Frequency of Synset('change.v.01'): 80  (cause to change; make different; cause a transformation)
	 1.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Codification was followed in all countries by a growing amount of legislation , some changing and adjusting the older law , much dealing with entirely new situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles . 

Frequency of Synset('change.v.02'): 48  (undergo a change; become different in essence; losing one's or its original nature)
	 1.Example sentence: Particularly was this true when the norms previously applied were no longer satisfactory to many , when customs were rapidly changing as the forces of the new productivity were harnessed . 
	 2.Example sentence: All the ideologies changing from day to day , right under his eyes , so how could a man look to any one of them for an enlargement of his freedom ? 
	 3.Example sentence: I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to N. V. Peale ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( Francis Thompson 's words for the Hound of Heaven 's pursuit ) by judicial fiat . 
	 4.Example sentence: Was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed ? 

Frequency of Synset('change.v.03'): 40  (become different in some particular way, without permanently losing one's or its former characteristics or essence)
	 1.Example sentence: States were free to enact , within broad though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 
	 3.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 
	 4.Example sentence: ( We abstract here from technological progress and assume that prices of all other products change proportionately . ) 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('several.s.03.several')
Frequency of Synset('several.s.01'): 109  ((used with count nouns) of an indefinite number more than 2 or 3 but not many)
	 1.Example sentence: The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven o ' clock dinner . 
	 2.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 3.Example sentence: Juet had made plentiful enemies , several men stepped forward . 
	 4.Example sentence: Several factors contributed to this change . 

Frequency of Synset('respective.s.01'): 50  (considered individually)
	 1.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 
	 4.Example sentence: By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('choose.v.01.choose')
Frequency of Synset('choose.v.01'): 104  (pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives)
	 1.Example sentence: Choose carefully between contributory or non contributory pension plans . 
	 2.Example sentence: Accident , murder , suicide - take your pick '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Take one side of the street , and I 'll take the other '' , he proposed . 

Frequency of Synset('choose.v.02'): 35  (select as an alternative over another)
	 1.Example sentence: How right he was ; how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism . 
	 2.Example sentence: That Prokofieff 's harmonies and forms sometimes seem professionally routine to our ears , may or may not indicate that he was less of an `` original '' than we prefer to believe . 
	 3.Example sentence: This behavior on her part subsided only after I had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between , on the one hand , her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking , or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others , and on the other hand , my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections , bringing my big easy chair with me , usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state , and plunking myself down in my chair - in short , behaving as if I owned her room . 
	 4.Example sentence: Most species seem to prefer a ready-made hollow such as a deserted mouse nest , a bird house , or the hole made by a woodpecker ; some show a definite liking for making their nest in moss . 

Frequency of Synset('choose.v.03'): 11  (see fit or proper to act in a certain way; decide to act in a certain way)
	 1.Example sentence: When necessary , we should make it clear that countries which choose to derive marginal advantages from the cold war or to exploit their potential for disrupting the security of the world will not only lose our sympathy but also risk their own prospects for orderly development . 
	 2.Example sentence: His heroine chooses to die - the price of recovery , years under the strict regimen of a sanatorium , being higher than she wishes to pay . 
	 3.Example sentence: He does not expect to get great riches or he would not have chosen to answer the call to preach . 
	 4.Example sentence: For its final change of bill in its London season , the Leningrad State Kirov Ballet chose tonight to give one of those choreographic miscellanies known as a `` gala program '' at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('side.n.04.side')
Frequency of Synset('side.n.01'): 76  (a place within a region identified relative to a center or reference location)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Take one side of the street , and I 'll take the other '' , he proposed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Separating , they took different sides of the main drag and systematically combed the bars . 
	 3.Example sentence: He tramped out of the Miners Rest with his hopes plummeting , and headed doggedly for the Palace Saloon , the last place of any consequence on this side of the street . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hitching his cartridge belt around , Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side . 

Frequency of Synset('side.n.02'): 21  (one of two or more contesting groups)
	 1.Example sentence: In a similar vein , but writing from the opposite side , Thomas Taylor , a private in the 6 th Alabama Volunteers , in a letter to his wife , stated : `` You know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe By a set of cowardly Skunks whose Motto is Booty . 
	 2.Example sentence: One is so accustomed to think of men as the privileged who need but ask and receive , and women as submissive and yielding , that our sympathies are usually enlisted on the side of the man whose love is not returned , and we condemn the woman as a coquette . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the outset , the Government 's spokesman explained that counsel for the Government and for du Pont had already held preliminary discussions with a view to arriving at a relief plan that both sides could recommend to the court . 
	 4.Example sentence: Counsel for du Pont indicated a preference for the submission of detailed plans by both sides at an early date . 

Frequency of Synset('side.n.03'): 11  (either the left or right half of a body)
	 1.Example sentence: Jess stared at him without answering and let his hands fall to his sides . 
	 2.Example sentence: Gun stiffened , his hands balling into fists at his sides . 
	 3.Example sentence: Adrien Deslonde hastened to Alexander 's side . 
	 4.Example sentence: Biggest thorn in my side of the whole fucken squad . 

Frequency of Synset('side.n.04'): 11  (a surface forming part of the outside of an object)
	 1.Example sentence: There are two sides of a coin for this decision . 
	 2.Example sentence: Now and then , the glistening side of a half swamped object showed as it swept past . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the mystery story , as in The Wealth of Nations , individualism and the social good are two sides of the same benevolent coin . 
	 4.Example sentence: Holden noticed almost absently how she chewed , how the whole side of her cheek moved , a slab of fat that extended down into her neck . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('decision.n.01.decision')
Frequency of Synset('decision.n.01'): 25  (the act of making up your mind about something)
	 1.Example sentence: There are two sides of a coin for this decision . 
	 2.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . 
	 4.Example sentence: ( c ) Decisions of a general kind are made by the central command . 

Frequency of Synset('decision.n.02'): 40  (a position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration)
	 1.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 
	 2.Example sentence: As was said in Gonzales , `` it is the Appeal Board which renders the selective service determination considered ' final ' in the courts , not to be overturned unless there is no basis in fact . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board . 
	 4.Example sentence: The recommendation of the Department - as well as the decision of the appeal board - was based entirely on the local board file , not on an FBI report . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('collect.v.02.collect')
Frequency of Synset('roll_up.v.02'): 22  (get or gather together)
	 1.Example sentence: In the field of the social sciences a considerable fund of tested knowledge has been accumulated that can be used to good advantage . 
	 2.Example sentence: Those were his only interludes behind bars , although he collected four more charges on his police record in 1921 and 1922 , three for burglary and one for robbery . 
	 3.Example sentence: Proprietorships should get the tax advantages now accruing to corporations , e. g. the chance to accumulate capital so vital for growth . 
	 4.Example sentence: We collected `` lucky stones '' - all the creamy translucent pebbles , worn smooth and round , that we could find in the driveway . 

Frequency of Synset('collect.v.02'): 15  (call for and obtain payment of)
	 1.Example sentence: And they can at least collect the money they put in , plus interest , when they leave the company . 
	 2.Example sentence: These errors were then collected and written on a blackboard , condensing similar ideas . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Fred was mighty crude about the way he took in cattle '' his own hired man , Andy Ross , mentioned later . 
	 4.Example sentence: Her mother had done it before her , and even her old grandmother , who had collected money for smallpox and unwed mothers . 

Frequency of Synset('gather.v.01'): 35  (assemble or get together)
	 1.Example sentence: Nerves tight as a bowstring , he paused to gather his wits . 
	 2.Example sentence: Under the sponsorship of the Office of Naval Research and the Advanced Research Projects Agency , a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition probabilities . 
	 3.Example sentence: They want to be fat cats , Pam thought , and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('store.v.01.put_in')
Frequency of Synset('insert.v.02'): 14  (introduce)
	 1.Example sentence: There are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef cattle : ( 1 ) Fence-line bunks - cattle eat from one side while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by self unloading wagons ; ( 2 ) Mechanized bunks - they sit within the feed lot , are filled by a mechanical conveyor above feeding surface ; ( 3 ) Special bunks - as discussed here , they permit cattle to eat from all sides . 
	 2.Example sentence: Feed is put in with an elevator . 
	 3.Example sentence: It uses both an ultrasonic dimensioning arrangement of the heart and a catheter carrying a thermistor inserted into the bloodstream . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer , mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart 's left ventricle , to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself . 

Frequency of Synset('store.v.01'): 16  (keep or lay aside for future use)
	 1.Example sentence: And they can at least collect the money they put in , plus interest , when they leave the company . 
	 2.Example sentence: A location in the computer store is also named for each marked form ; dictionary information about the form stored at this location can be retrieved directly by occurrences of the form in text . 
	 3.Example sentence: The form itself is stored in the next available cells of the W-region , beginning in cell * * f . 
	 4.Example sentence: The address * * f and the number of cells required to store the form are written in * * f ; the information cell * * f is saved to represent the text occurrence . 

Frequency of Synset('install.v.01'): 34  (set up for use)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . 
	 2.Example sentence: After all , if you were going to set up a workshop you had to have the proper equipment and that was that . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Now '' , he said , `` we got to put in some outlets for them power tools ; then a couple of fluorescent lamps over the workbench an ' I guess we 're about through down here '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: If the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system must be installed , check into the cost of making these improvements . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('interest.n.04.interest')
Frequency of Synset('interest.n.01'): 59  (a sense of concern with and curiosity about someone or something)
	 1.Example sentence: When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth , England , in the fall of 1609 , word of Hudson 's findings leaked out , and English interest in him revived . 
	 2.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 3.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 4.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 

Frequency of Synset('sake.n.01'): 42  (a reason for wanting something done)
	 1.Example sentence: International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . 
	 2.Example sentence: There is much talk in theological circles about the `` Church as Mission '' and the `` Church 's Mission '' ; theologians have been stressing the fact that the Church does not exist for its own sake but as a testimony in the world for the healing of the world . 
	 3.Example sentence: But ideas , just for the sake of having them , are not enough . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , in their junior and senior years , they generally forego their athletic pursuits , presumably in the interest of better academic achievement . 

Frequency of Synset('interest.n.03'): 21  (the power of attracting or holding one's attention (because it is unusual or exciting etc.))
	 1.Example sentence: Somewhat uneven in interest for an average reader , eight or ten of these are among the finest of their kind in literature . 
	 2.Example sentence: A few of his examples are of very great interest , and the whole discussion of some importance for theory . 
	 3.Example sentence: In there are n't many young people in the neighborhood the modifier young takes dominant stress away from its head people : the fact that the young creatures of interest are people seems rather obvious . 
	 4.Example sentence: No one will deny that such broad developments and transitions are of great intrinsic interest and the study of ideas in literature would be woefully incomplete without frequent reference to them . 

Frequency of Synset('interest.n.04'): 14  (a fixed charge for borrowing money; usually a percentage of the amount borrowed)
	 1.Example sentence: And they can at least collect the money they put in , plus interest , when they leave the company . 
	 2.Example sentence: If it is owned , taxes must be paid , and if the place is not free of mortgage , there will be interest and payments on the principal to take care of . 
	 3.Example sentence: To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income , divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way . 
	 4.Example sentence: Interest at the rate of 6 % a year must be paid on taxes that are not paid on or before their due date . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('leave.v.08.leave')
Frequency of Synset('leave.v.01'): 141  (go away from a place)
	 1.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 2.Example sentence: The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oersted joined Ritter at Jena and stayed with him for 3 weeks , continuing their correspondence after he left . 
	 4.Example sentence: A restaurant posted a reminder to patrons `` who became excited and left without paying their checks '' . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.02'): 55  (go and leave behind, either intentionally or by neglect or forgetfulness)
	 1.Example sentence: She 'd be through here , just no time at all - leave this kind of thing ' way behind . 
	 2.Example sentence: No need leave a note with it , either - or maybe just something like , Do n't worry about me , I 'm going away to make a better life . 
	 3.Example sentence: He left a note propped on the desk asking her to call him sometime today , and drove home . 
	 4.Example sentence: Leaving Jess 's where it lay , he left the stall . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.03'): 45  (act or be so as to become in a specified state)
	 1.Example sentence: They could be done or left undone and nobody really gave a damn . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second bullet ricocheted off Max 's belt buckle , leaving him unhurt but in some distress . 
	 3.Example sentence: She set the dipper on the edge of the deck , leaving it for him to stretch after it while she looked on scornfully . 
	 4.Example sentence: A hay wagon moved slowly along the gutter , the top of it swept by the low boughs of the maple trees , and loose straws were left hanging tangled among the leaves . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.04'): 27  (leave unchanged or undisturbed or refrain from taking)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I tell you , you want to leave it that way , I do n't fool around with it . 
	 2.Example sentence: He had left her inviolate , thinking familiarity would gentle her in time . 
	 3.Example sentence: He furled the slashed sides of the canvas tarpaulins , leaving the ribs and wagon open . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mr. Phillips took a razor to Gonzalez , Prop. , but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome . 

Frequency of Synset('exit.v.01'): 26  (move out of or depart from)
	 1.Example sentence: His Highness had decided only two hours ago to go out of town , and he was eager to be off . 
	 2.Example sentence: I swam like mad , got out of the pool , grabbed my robe , and ran to the car . 
	 3.Example sentence: As I went out , I could hear water pouring in the shower . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Shall we get out of here '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.06'): 22  (make a possibility or provide opportunity for; permit to be attainable or cause to remain)
	 1.Example sentence: He seems , by some unconscious division of labor , to have given them that one function and no other , leaving communication to the rest of the face . 
	 2.Example sentence: The original electrocardiograph primarily indicates irregularities in the heartbeat , but today 's techniques allow exact measurements of the flow of blood through the aorta , dimensioning of the heart and its chambers , and a much more detailed study of each heartbeat . 
	 3.Example sentence: These areas by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . 
	 4.Example sentence: The actual surface becomes both ground and background , and it turns out - suddenly and paradoxically - that the only place left for a three-dimensional illusion is in front of , upon , the surface . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.07'): 88  (have as a result or residue)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 4.Example sentence: We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner 's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.08'): 14  (remove oneself from an association with or participation in)
	 1.Example sentence: And they can at least collect the money they put in , plus interest , when they leave the company . 
	 2.Example sentence: In general , however , it may be said that when a boy or a girl leaves the high school , the school authorities play little or no part in the decision of what happens next . 
	 3.Example sentence: He cannot leave the farm to take work in another locality on short notice ; such a move may mean a loss of capital . 
	 4.Example sentence: After the diagnosing , he left the course , convinced that it could do him no good . 

Frequency of Synset('impart.v.01'): 23  (transmit (knowledge or skills))
	 1.Example sentence: Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; they read every book that they could borrow in the village . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Pat had never pretended to give advice in such affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , a growing intellectual sophistication and the new certitudes imparted by courses in psychology and anthropology make the students increasingly critical of their somewhat provincial and overprotective parents . 
	 4.Example sentence: And the school newspaper sells space to jubilant fraternities , sororities , and houses ( in the House Plan Association ) that have good news to impart . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('retire.v.01.retire')
Frequency of Synset('retire.v.01'): 18  (go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position)
	 1.Example sentence: A non contributory plan usually won n't pay off for the worker until he retires . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1931 Mrs. F. H. Briggs , agent and chief operator , who was to retire in 1946 with thirty years ' service , led agency offices in sales for the year with $ 2490 . 
	 3.Example sentence: William Hitchcock , who retired in 1938 , was a veteran of thirty-four years ' local service . 
	 4.Example sentence: He succeeds Buck Shaw , who retired at the end of last season . 

Frequency of Synset('withdraw.v.01'): 16  (pull back or move away or backward)
	 1.Example sentence: Leaving the card room , they moved back through the Palace the way they had come . 
	 2.Example sentence: He drew back his arm to slash the gunbarrel across Jess 's face , but did n't finish the motion . 
	 3.Example sentence: He retreated a step and holstered his own . 
	 4.Example sentence: He backed Jess into a corner , grabbed a handful of the man 's shirtfront , and drew back his right fist . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('stay.v.01.stay')
Frequency of Synset('stay.v.01'): 164  (stay the same; remain in a certain state)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job . 
	 2.Example sentence: His earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life . 
	 3.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` What matters here is family loyalty ; faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the phis , the spirits ; and to live in harmony with nature '' . 

Frequency of Synset('stay.v.02'): 31  (stay put (in a certain place))
	 1.Example sentence: Better stay in the hotel lobby , where the walls looked good and thick . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` You 're staying right here for a while . 
	 3.Example sentence: She stayed away for ten days . 
	 4.Example sentence: Need for service is here to stay - and the problem is going to be tougher to solve in the sixties . 

Frequency of Synset('bide.v.01'): 24  (dwell)
	 1.Example sentence: From Go ^ ttingen ( 1801 ) where he stayed for 10 days , he wrote , `` The first question asked everywhere is about galvanism . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted joined Ritter at Jena and stayed with him for 3 weeks , continuing their correspondence after he left . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was , of course , no special reason to believe that the man or woman they sought had stayed only overnight at the hotel . 
	 4.Example sentence: A combo was staying there . 

Frequency of Synset('stay.v.04'): 45  (continue in a place, position, or situation)
	 1.Example sentence: Hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he remained an explorer . 
	 2.Example sentence: The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England . 
	 3.Example sentence: To many a Frenchman - they came 95 years ago , colonized , and stayed until Laos became independent in 1953 - the land had been even more delightfully tranquil than Tahiti . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was evident that a captain should remain at his desk , directing with a firm hand and keeping a firm seat . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('include.v.01.include')
Frequency of Synset('include.v.01'): 234  (have as a part, be made up out of)
	 1.Example sentence: These include : 
	 2.Example sentence: Worse , his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before . 
	 3.Example sentence: Chapter 8 , is entitled `` On Magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces . 
	 4.Example sentence: Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 * * f , with an uncertainty of 0.10 * * f . 

Frequency of Synset('include.v.02'): 32  (consider as part of something)
	 1.Example sentence: They spread over an area no larger than Oregon ; yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonians . 
	 2.Example sentence: But he had never seen the mountainous half of his native land north of Vientiane , including the royal capital , Luang Prabang . 
	 3.Example sentence: The proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy ( 17.3 per cent of new members ) and friendly contacts by members ( over two thirds if organizational activities are included ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: But Gardner Willings was not included ; he had been at the Dumont for almost a week . 

Frequency of Synset('include.v.03'): 18  (add as part of something else; put in as part of a set, group, or category)
	 1.Example sentence: Arthur Williams 's might well have been included , he felt . 
	 2.Example sentence: Rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters admonitions or greetings to members of the Negro community . 
	 3.Example sentence: So in these pages the term `` technology '' is used to include any and all means which could amplify , project , or augment man 's control over himself and over other men . 
	 4.Example sentence: The result is that I included 70 animal names , but Swadesh only 4 ; and somewhat similarly for plants , 16 as against 4 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('adopt.v.01.adopt')
Frequency of Synset('adopt.v.01'): 46  (choose and follow; as of theories, ideas, policies, strategies or plans)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant . 
	 2.Example sentence: The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling . 
	 3.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 4.Example sentence: State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities . 

Frequency of Synset('adopt.v.02'): 11  (take up and practice as one's own)
	 1.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 2.Example sentence: Shakespeare did not usually invent the incidents in his plays , but borrowed them from old stories , ballads , and plays , wove them together , and then breathed into them his spark of life . 
	 3.Example sentence: Again the student of evolutionary biology will find a fascinating , if to our minds grotesque , anticipation of the theory of chance variations and the natural elimination of the unfit in Lucretius , who in turn seems to have borrowed the concept from the philosopher Empedocles . 
	 4.Example sentence: In short , and to borrow an arboreal phrase , slash timber . 

Frequency of Synset('assume.v.02'): 15  (take on titles, offices, duties, responsibilities)
	 1.Example sentence: Could an employee 's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . 
	 3.Example sentence: There would be all the nuisance of contacting someone else to take over . 
	 4.Example sentence: And I done favors for you , big favor not so long back , did n't I , and I 'm right here to take on where Pretty left off . 

Frequency of Synset('assume.v.03'): 52  (take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 
	 2.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('system.n.02.system')
Frequency of Synset('system.n.01'): 43  (instrumentality that combines interrelated interacting artifacts designed to work as a coherent entity)
	 1.Example sentence: By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus the cocktail party would appear to be the ideal system , but there is one weakness . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door . 
	 4.Example sentence: The connective system , or network , is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective , and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory , a college , or a rural village . 

Frequency of Synset('system.n.02'): 23  (a group of independent but interrelated elements comprising a unified whole)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant . 
	 2.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 
	 3.Example sentence: Tone analysis will continue to be difficult and unsatisfactory until a more representative selection of systems is familar to every practicing field linguist . 
	 4.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 

Frequency of Synset('system.n.03'): 14  ((physical chemistry) a sample of matter in which substances in different phases are in equilibrium)
	 1.Example sentence: However , the formation of organically bound iodine , mainly mono-iodotyrosine , can be accomplished in cell-free systems . 
	 2.Example sentence: This iodoprotein does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid , and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems . 
	 3.Example sentence: If tyrosine and a system generating hydrogen peroxide are added to a cell-free homogenate of the thyroid , large quantities of free mono-iodotyrosine can be formed ( Alexander , 1959 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is not clear whether this system bears any resemblance to the in vivo iodinating mechanism , and a system generating peroxide has not been identified in thyroid tissue . 

Frequency of Synset('arrangement.n.03'): 24  (an organized structure for arranging or classifying)
	 1.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 
	 2.Example sentence: The identification of the basic unit of religious organization - the parish or congregation - with a residential area is self defeating in a modern metropolis , for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the Christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to co-optation . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . 
	 4.Example sentence: By and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('eye.n.02.eye')
Frequency of Synset('eye.n.01'): 183  (the organ of sight)
	 1.Example sentence: She sat quietly , staring at me from the wide eyes . 
	 2.Example sentence: And what eyes they were . 
	 3.Example sentence: Eyes like hot honey , eyes that sizzled . 
	 4.Example sentence: Eyes like hot honey , eyes that sizzled . 

Frequency of Synset('center.n.01'): 66  (an area that is approximately central within some larger region)
	 1.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 2.Example sentence: This is particularly true in large centers of Jewish population like New York , Chicago , and Philadelphia . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World - the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated - the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America - the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso - the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art - the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . 
	 4.Example sentence: The circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('difficult.a.01.hard')
Frequency of Synset('difficult.a.01'): 93  (not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure)
	 1.Example sentence: It 's usually not too hard to sell workers on this as it gives them longer holiday periods . 
	 2.Example sentence: And a pane of glass is n't hard to '' - 
	 3.Example sentence: But men willing to sail at all into waters where wooden ships could be crushed like eggs were hard to find . 
	 4.Example sentence: His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school . 

Frequency of Synset('hard.a.02'): 15  (dispassionate)
	 1.Example sentence: A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that `` they were the hardest looking set of men that Ever i saw they Looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and shavings '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The phrase `` consent of the governed '' needs a hard look . 
	 3.Example sentence: Her laugh was hard . 
	 4.Example sentence: Suddenly his voice grew hard . 

Frequency of Synset('hard.a.03'): 15  (resisting weight or pressure)
	 1.Example sentence: The blow encountered silky hair and hard bone . 
	 2.Example sentence: ( 1 ) When an object was placed in the patient 's hand , he had no difficulty determining whether it was warm or cold , sharp or blunt , rough or smooth , flexible , soft , or hard ; and he could tell , simply by the feel of it , whether it was made of wood , iron , cloth , rubber , and so on . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hard surface cleaning in household application is represented by two classes of alkaline products : ( 1 ) the formulations made expressly for machine dishwashers , and ( 2 ) the general-purpose cleaners used for walls and woodwork . 
	 4.Example sentence: In addition , many of the hard surface cleaners used for walls and woodwork had their genesis in trisodium orthophosphate , which is still the major ingredient of a number of such products . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('last.a.02.last')
Frequency of Synset('last.s.01'): 105  (immediately past)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sounds exactly like last time '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . 
	 3.Example sentence: Cursing himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot , Russ drew his Colt and examined it briefly . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 

Frequency of Synset('last.a.02'): 41  (coming after all others in time or space or degree or being the only one remaining)
	 1.Example sentence: Require each employee to work his last shift both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay . 
	 2.Example sentence: In fact , Hudson 's sail up the Great North River had disposed of one of the last hopes . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the care-free indolence of the East he sees the last reflection of the old happy existence , and for that reason he loves it . 
	 4.Example sentence: To get it out into the daylight 's glow Is my life 's aim both first and last , the whole . 

Frequency of Synset('concluding.s.01'): 46  (occurring at or forming an end or termination)
	 1.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 2.Example sentence: In this final line , we have the key to his nature . 
	 3.Example sentence: Before leaving , he took one last , lingering look at the apartment . 
	 4.Example sentence: The person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems . 

Frequency of Synset('final.s.02'): 22  (conclusive in a process or progression)
	 1.Example sentence: Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity , before its final recommendation to the appeal board , to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board . 
	 3.Example sentence: He tramped out of the Miners Rest with his hopes plummeting , and headed doggedly for the Palace Saloon , the last place of any consequence on this side of the street . 
	 4.Example sentence: The final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('reduce.v.01.cut')
Frequency of Synset('cut.v.01'): 57  (separate with or as if with an instrument)
	 1.Example sentence: It is a weakness of Gabriel 's analysis that he never seems to realize that his so-called fundamental law had already been cut loose from its foundations when it was adapted to democracy . 
	 2.Example sentence: These blocks are sold in various sizes so it seldom is necessary to cut a block to fit . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Doppler effect , using ultrasonic signals , can be employed to measure the flow of blood without cutting into the blood vessel . 
	 4.Example sentence: He told Argiento to take a bird out of the cage , cut a large vein under its wing , let the blood gush into Michelangelo 's injured eye . 

Frequency of Synset('reduce.v.01'): 122  (cut down on; make a reduction in)
	 1.Example sentence: Can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Would it be feasible to limit the menu in order to reduce feeding costs ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Would early retirement of non-productive , disabled employees reduce the number of make-work jobs ? 

Frequency of Synset('swerve.v.01'): 12  (turn sharply; change direction abruptly)
	 1.Example sentence: When it was followed by a second , whining even closer , Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression . 
	 2.Example sentence: The enemy did not veer . 
	 3.Example sentence: If of the founders of glottochronology Swadesh has escaped our steady plodding , and Lees has repudiated his own share in the founding , that is no reason why we should swerve . 
	 4.Example sentence: At once my ears were drowned by a flow of what I took to be Spanish , but - the driver 's white teeth flashing at me , the road wildly veering beyond his glistening hair , beyond his gesticulating bottle - it could have been the purest Oxford English I was half hearing ; I would n't have known the difference . 

Frequency of Synset('ignore.v.01'): 23  (refuse to acknowledge)
	 1.Example sentence: I grinned , but ignored the question . 
	 2.Example sentence: It ignores the sordid financial aspects ( quite conveniently , too , for his audience , who could indulge in moral indignation without visible , or even conscious , discomfort , their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: They were disturbed by his idiotic bravado - as , when his bodyguard , Yankee Schwartz , complained that he had been snubbed by Dave Miller , a prize-fight referee , chieftain of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation , who were Hirschey , a gambler politician in loose beer running league with Torrio and O ' Banion , Frank , a policeman , and Max , the youngest . 
	 4.Example sentence: We assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that price level increases may offset wage rate increases , and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the `` real '' wage rate . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('model.n.02.model')
Frequency of Synset('model.n.01'): 22  (a hypothetical description of a complex entity or process)
	 1.Example sentence: While there may be several such industries to which the model of this paper is applicable , the authors make particular claim of relevance to the explanation of the course of wages and prices in the steel industry of the United States since World War 2 , . 
	 2.Example sentence: Indeed , the apparent stiffening of the industry 's attitude in the recent steel strike has a direct explanation in terms of the model here presented . 
	 3.Example sentence: The model of this paper considers an industry which is not characterized by vigorous price competition , but which is so basic that its wage price policies are held in check by continuous critical public scrutiny . 
	 4.Example sentence: In order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces , such as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation . 

Frequency of Synset('model.n.02'): 11  (a type of product)
	 1.Example sentence: Latest models serve hot meals at reasonable prices , and at a profit to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: The magnetic resonance absorption was detected by employing a Varian model **f broad line spectrometer and the associated 12 - inch electromagnet system . 
	 3.Example sentence: One measurement at 40 Mc / sec was obtained with the Varian model **f unit . 
	 4.Example sentence: Figures 1 to 3 show photographic and schematic views of the test stand and of two different models of the anode holder . 

Frequency of Synset('model.n.07'): 14  (a representative form or pattern)
	 1.Example sentence: It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum , next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence . 
	 2.Example sentence: Examples are in public utilities , making military aircraft and accessories , or where the investment and risk for a proprietorship would be too great for a much needed project impossible to achieve by any means other than the corporate form , e. g. constructing major airports or dams . 
	 3.Example sentence: In such a case the defendant should serve as a clear example and not have to be tied to the issue by argument . 
	 4.Example sentence: Eichmann himself is a model of how the myth of the enemy Jew can be used to transform the ordinary man of present-day society into a menace to all his neighbors . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fair.s.02.reasonable')
Frequency of Synset('reasonable.a.01'): 19  (showing reason or sound judgment)
	 1.Example sentence: Instead of quelling the dissension , as many captains of the era would have done ( Sir Francis Drake lopped a man 's head off under similar circumstances ) , Hudson decided to be reasonable . 
	 2.Example sentence: While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i. e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was not very reasonable to believe that Lucien had procured unprocurable opium and come back to Honotassa with a formed plan to murder her . 
	 4.Example sentence: That was not reasonable either . 

Frequency of Synset('fair.s.02'): 16  (not excessive or extreme)
	 1.Example sentence: Latest models serve hot meals at reasonable prices , and at a profit to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation . 
	 3.Example sentence: A Virginia judge a while back cited a Roman jurist to the effect that ten years might be a reasonable length of time for such a change . 
	 4.Example sentence: Like a fair number of bootleggers he disliked alcohol . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('operate.v.01.run')
Frequency of Synset('run.v.01'): 67  (move fast by using one's feet, with one foot off the ground at any given time)
	 1.Example sentence: We got to one house where there were five secessionist they brok + run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them . 
	 2.Example sentence: Jackson runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader . 
	 3.Example sentence: I swam like mad , got out of the pool , grabbed my robe , and ran to the car . 
	 4.Example sentence: The man shoved him into the water , then ran past the cabana . 

Frequency of Synset('scat.v.01'): 13  (flee; take to one's heels; cut and run)
	 1.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: We got to one house where there were five secessionist they brok + run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them . 
	 3.Example sentence: I was loaded with suds when I ran away , and I have n't had a chance to wash it off . 
	 4.Example sentence: He wanted to know if my father had beaten me or my mother had run away from home to give me an unhappy childhood . 

Frequency of Synset('run.v.03'): 67  (stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point)
	 1.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 2.Example sentence: There 's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
	 4.Example sentence: A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . 

Frequency of Synset('operate.v.01'): 53  (direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . 
	 3.Example sentence: establish and operate necessary facilities and test sites at which to carry on the continuous research , testing , development , and programming necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Act ; 
	 4.Example sentence: The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved . 

Frequency of Synset('run.v.05'): 20  (have a particular form)
	 1.Example sentence: In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by Thayer , who could charge off one room on his expense account . 
	 2.Example sentence: Demagogues of this sort found communist bogeys lurking behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped notions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Interruptions came largely from the bench , which numerous times rebuked the Attorney General for letting his witnesses run on , though it , too , made no serious effort to choke off the flow . 
	 4.Example sentence: One day in a bar , so the legend goes , someone put a beer stein with too much force on the monocle and broke it . 

Frequency of Synset('run.v.06'): 19  (move along, of liquids)
	 1.Example sentence: A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws , but he kept control upon his voice . 
	 2.Example sentence: Water from the snow and water from the towels had run off the kid to the table where the dough was , and the dough was turning pasty , sticking to the kid 's back and behind . 
	 3.Example sentence: She did this now , comfortably aware of the mist running down the windows , of the silence outside , of the dark afternoon it was getting to be . 
	 4.Example sentence: From all this we can now see that two streams of development run through the history of twentieth century American folklore . 

Frequency of Synset('function.v.01'): 69  (perform as expected when applied)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 
	 3.Example sentence: Where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention . 
	 4.Example sentence: They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . 

Frequency of Synset('range.v.01'): 41  (change or be different within limits)
	 1.Example sentence: His expenses ran another four or five thousand . 
	 2.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 3.Example sentence: The crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six , with a half-life for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes . 
	 4.Example sentence: The crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six , with a half-life for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes . 

Frequency of Synset('campaign.v.01'): 14  (run, stand, or compete for an office or a position)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1952 , it will be remembered , the G. O. P. without positive program campaigned on the popular disillusionment with liberal leadership and won overwhelmingly . 
	 2.Example sentence: As the more conservative group with strong backing from wealthy businessmen , the U.M.C.I.A. was generally favored against the more progressive , labor based U.N.F.P. The newer party campaigned heavily , while the older , more confident party expected the Moroccan merchants and small businessmen to support them as they had done for many years . 
	 3.Example sentence: The local Istiqlal and U.M.C.I.A. offices did not campaign and lost heavily . 
	 4.Example sentence: LaGuardia 's multi lingual rallies , when he is running for Congress , are well staged , and wind up in a wild Jewish folk-dance that is really great musical theater . 

Frequency of Synset('tend.v.01'): 69  (have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined)
	 1.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 
	 2.Example sentence: ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes ; ( 2 ) central cities tend to be more heterogeneous in social composition . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes ; ( 2 ) central cities tend to be more heterogeneous in social composition . 
	 4.Example sentence: They give strict interpretation to William James ' statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . 

Frequency of Synset('prevail.v.03'): 18  (continue to exist)
	 1.Example sentence: According to the theory proposed , this is a consequence of the severe condition of perceived threat that persists unabated for the anxious child in an ambiguous sort of school environment . 
	 2.Example sentence: One of the most damaging tsunami on record followed the famous Lisbon earthquake of November 1 , 1755 ; its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast . 
	 3.Example sentence: The strains of neutralism are running strong , notably in England , and even in Germany . 
	 4.Example sentence: Belief in the traditional way of life persists much more in the older states than in the new ones . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('blame.v.01.blame')
Frequency of Synset('blame.v.01'): 12  (put or pin the blame on)
	 1.Example sentence: If the soup tastes like dishwater , your employees won n't blame the concessionaire . 
	 2.Example sentence: And can n't say I blame you '' , said Angie thoughtfully . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a way , he could n't blame her . 
	 4.Example sentence: Some psychologists , in fact , suggest that career bound husbands often are more to blame for topsy-turvy marriages than their wives . 

Frequency of Synset('blame.v.02'): 11  (harass with constant criticism)
	 1.Example sentence: For over a hundred years Southerners have felt that the North was picking on them . 
	 2.Example sentence: It 's infuriating , this feeling that one is being picked on , continually , constantly . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oh , well , you can n't really blame Lolotte . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I know you 've got a grudge against me , and maybe I can n't blame you . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('most.a.01.most')
Frequency of Synset('most.a.01'): 75  ((superlative of `many' used with count nouns and often preceded by `the') quantifier meaning the greatest in number)
	 1.Example sentence: Check your cafeteria location to make sure it 's convenient for most employees . 
	 2.Example sentence: If it were primarily a believing fellowship , it would recruit believers from all social and economic ranks , something which most congregations of the New Protestantism ( with a few notable exceptions ) have not been able to do . 
	 3.Example sentence: Another teen-ager remarked : `` Most Jews do n't believe in God , but they believe in people - in helping people '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise vigilance over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home . 

Frequency of Synset('most.a.02'): 25  (the superlative of `much' that can be used with mass nouns and is usually preceded by `the'; a quantifier meaning the greatest in amount or extent or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: Most others have been content to give only the most general attention to the broadest and most obvious features of the phonology when designing orthographies . 
	 2.Example sentence: And it is precisely in this poorer economic class that one finds , and has always found , the most racial friction . 
	 3.Example sentence: The planes , light with most of the gas burned out , responded beautifully . 
	 4.Example sentence: If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('minute.n.01.minute')
Frequency of Synset('minute.n.01'): 78  (a unit of time equal to 60 seconds or 1/60th of an hour)
	 1.Example sentence: You may save valuable production minutes with a change . 
	 2.Example sentence: I showed her the shower and tub , and she said , smiling , `` If you really do n't mind , I think I 'll get clean in the shower , then soak for a few minutes in your tub . 
	 3.Example sentence: Bryn Mawr Drive is only two or three miles from the Spartan , and it took me less than five minutes to get there . 
	 4.Example sentence: A call to the police had been placed from here a couple of minutes after nine p. m. , and the first police car had arrived two or three minutes after that - 10 minutes ago now . 

Frequency of Synset('moment.n.02'): 43  (an indefinitely short time)
	 1.Example sentence: Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope waning by the moment . 
	 2.Example sentence: Because , if for no other reason , Willings would never for a moment suppose he was not bigger , tougher , than anything else that went on two legs . 
	 3.Example sentence: For a moment he thought of going into Crosson 's office to explain that he had to leave , but there was now such a pain in his chest , such a pounding in his head , that he decided to let it go . 
	 4.Example sentence: And he knew in that moment , with a cold sinking of despair , a dying of old hopes , that Mae had spread some kind of word there among the neighbors . 

Frequency of Synset('moment.n.01'): 78  (a particular point in time)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world 's giants . 
	 3.Example sentence: If he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested , he had his answer a moment later . 
	 4.Example sentence: The long minute before he reached effective cover seemed endless . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('change.n.01.change')
Frequency of Synset('change.n.01'): 46  (an event that occurs when something passes from one state or phase to another)
	 1.Example sentence: You may save valuable production minutes with a change . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The accelerated pace of metropolitan changes has accentuated the drive to conformity in congregations of the major denominations . 
	 4.Example sentence: There would be changes made , and Signor Raymond should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome . 

Frequency of Synset('change.n.02'): 42  (a relational difference between states; especially between states before and after some event)
	 1.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 2.Example sentence: As we have noted , however , we are abstracting from changes in all determinants of this level except for changes in the wage rate . 
	 3.Example sentence: As we have noted , however , we are abstracting from changes in all determinants of this level except for changes in the wage rate . 
	 4.Example sentence: Changes in the basic wage rate are cost raising , and they constitute an argument for raising prices . 

Frequency of Synset('change.n.03'): 16  (the action of changing something)
	 1.Example sentence: There would be changes made , and Signor Raymond should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome . 
	 2.Example sentence: A Virginia judge a while back cited a Roman jurist to the effect that ten years might be a reasonable length of time for such a change . 
	 3.Example sentence: But I suspect that the old Roman was referring to change made under military occupation - the sort of change which Tacitus was talking about when he said , `` They make a desert , and call it peace '' ( `` Solitudinem faciunt , pacem appellant '' . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: But I suspect that the old Roman was referring to change made under military occupation - the sort of change which Tacitus was talking about when he said , `` They make a desert , and call it peace '' ( `` Solitudinem faciunt , pacem appellant '' . ) 

Frequency of Synset('change.n.04'): 13  (the result of alteration or modification)
	 1.Example sentence: Several factors contributed to this change . 
	 2.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 
	 3.Example sentence: In this model , we abstract from all non wage sources of cost changes , so that the `` public limit price '' only rises as the wage rate rises . 
	 4.Example sentence: We have already witnessed great changes through mergers and acquisitions in the food industry - at both the manufacturing and retail ends . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('wide.a.01.wide')
Frequency of Synset('wide.a.01'): 54  (having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other)
	 1.Example sentence: Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oldenburg 's contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town 's learned , such as the pastor , to supplement the simple teaching . 
	 3.Example sentence: His broad interest in literary , political , and philosophical movements opened many doors to him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Less assured than the tall , wide shouldered man in the lead , Cobb followed alertly , a hand on his gun butt . 

Frequency of Synset('across-the-board.s.01'): 27  (broad in scope or content; ; ; ; ; - T.G.Winner)
	 1.Example sentence: Excellent in their way , they lack the wide appeal of The Charles Men , and need not detain us here . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most others have been content to give only the most general attention to the broadest and most obvious features of the phonology when designing orthographies . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the whole they maintain much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter . 
	 4.Example sentence: That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; and perhaps of even greater significance - his music is strong 20 th Century evidence of the effectiveness of Evolution , based on a broad Traditionalism for the creative art of music . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('controversy.n.01.argument')
Frequency of Synset('argument.n.01'): 31  (a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden regretted not being able to find fault with so true a statement . 
	 2.Example sentence: But what a super Herculean task it is to winnow anything of value from the mud beplastered arguments used so freely , particularly since such common use is made of cliches and stereotypes , in themselves declarations of intellectual bankruptcy . 
	 3.Example sentence: The very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts ; usually , this is most exasperating to men , who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly . 
	 4.Example sentence: While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i. e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . 

Frequency of Synset('controversy.n.01'): 16  (a contentious speech act; a dispute where there is strong disagreement)
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: When Hudson had finished , the `` town meeting '' broke down into a general , wordy argument . 
	 3.Example sentence: Will argument and debate decide its truth or falsity ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Ideas need to be tested , and not merely by argument and debate . 

Frequency of Synset('argument.n.03'): 14  (a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and against some proposition or proposal)
	 1.Example sentence: In one debate he supported the freedom of judgment as opposed to dogma , in another he held that the practice of science was in fact an act of religious worship . 
	 2.Example sentence: When Peter B. Kyne ( Pride of Palomar , 43 ) informed us in 1921 that we had an instinctive dislike for the Japanese , did the heated debates of the Californians settle the truth or falsity of the proposition ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Will argument and debate decide its truth or falsity ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Debate is not likely to resolve the tensions and make the lot of the stepchild a happier one . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('previous.s.01.previous')
Frequency of Synset('previous.s.01'): 22  (just preceding something else in time or order)
	 1.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 2.Example sentence: The George-Barden Act of 1946 raised the previous increases in annual authorizations to $ 29 million in addition to the $ 7 million under the Smith Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , the public limit price is raised further by a given wage increase the longer it has been since the previous price increase . 
	 4.Example sentence: Moreover , as long as the weapon was carried openly , the sheriff 's office had made no previous issue of it . 

Frequency of Synset('former.s.03'): 17  ((used especially of persons) of the immediate past)
	 1.Example sentence: On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . 
	 2.Example sentence: I lived in this onward driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president . 
	 4.Example sentence: No previous antitrust case , he said , had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('year.n.01.year')
Frequency of Synset('year.n.01'): 421  (a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days)
	 1.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most of them this past year , I 'd say . 
	 3.Example sentence: Even two or three years ago I doubt that she 'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 4.Example sentence: ( No additional five thousand for each year after Joan 's twenty-first birthday ; Mrs. Meeker had n't got around to taking care of that . ) 

Frequency of Synset('year.n.02'): 18  (a period of time occupying a regular part of a calendar year that is used for some particular activity)
	 1.Example sentence: In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , in their junior and senior years , they generally forego their athletic pursuits , presumably in the interest of better academic achievement . 
	 3.Example sentence: Although Brooklyn College does not yet have a junior year abroad program , a good number of students spend summers in Europe . 
	 4.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('door.n.01.door')
Frequency of Synset('door.n.01'): 98  (a swinging or sliding barrier that will close the entrance to a room or building or vehicle)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Through a door conveniently unlocked '' , Madden supplemented . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` That damn door '' , said the police chief . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 
	 4.Example sentence: All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder . 

Frequency of Synset('doorway.n.01'): 35  (the entrance (the space in a wall) through which you enter or leave a room or building; the space that a door can close)
	 1.Example sentence: It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable by-product of murder , led to Garth 's door . 
	 2.Example sentence: I spun about and clattered through the front room to the door . 
	 3.Example sentence: Climbing the steps steadily , they reached the top and headed for the door . 
	 4.Example sentence: For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('see.v.05.view')
Frequency of Synset('see.v.05'): 191  (deem to be)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A gift horse to be viewed with suspicion '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 4.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 

Frequency of Synset('watch.v.03'): 57  (see or watch)
	 1.Example sentence: In fact , I was watching you on that little seventeen inch screen when you rang my bell . 
	 2.Example sentence: The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and did n't want - heaven knew did n't want ! 
	 3.Example sentence: During much of the fifteen mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east . 
	 4.Example sentence: I saw `` Fiorello ! '' performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good , and perhaps better . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('dark.s.03.dark')
Frequency of Synset('dark.a.01'): 33  (devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black)
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; he found money much more interesting ; but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living - and paid for his own stuff - and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was dark but dry and cool . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was a feeling that this mission would be canceled like all the others and that this muddy wet dark world of combat would go on forever . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a stream that turns a mill-wheel there is a lot of water ; the mill-pond is quiet , its surface dark and shadowed , and there does not seem to be much water in it . 

Frequency of Synset('dark.a.02'): 18  ((used of color) having a dark hue)
	 1.Example sentence: Big and dark , a melting , golden brown . 
	 2.Example sentence: Of four dark brown ears , one twitched slightly at this . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had put on the gray jacket and the dark gray slacks and the fawn colored shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street . 
	 4.Example sentence: He took up a white sheet of paper , dark with single-spaced data . 

Frequency of Synset('dark.s.03'): 12  (brunet (used of hair or skin or eyes))
	 1.Example sentence: Madden 's dark face wore a meditative look . 
	 2.Example sentence: Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? 
	 3.Example sentence: She took it grudgingly , her dark eyes baleful as they met his . 
	 4.Example sentence: She was like charcoal , he thought - dark , opaque , explosive . 

Frequency of Synset('colored.s.02'): 13  (having skin rich in melanin pigments)
	 1.Example sentence: They may even enroll a colored student or two for show , though he usually turns out to be from Thailand , or any place other than the American South . 
	 2.Example sentence: Trig and a very black colored boy from Detroit had killed or put out of action ten guerrillas by grenades and hand-to-hand fighting . 
	 3.Example sentence: The colored boy had it , and Trig lunged at him with a knife and said , ' Give that to me , you black bastard . 
	 4.Example sentence: He was tall and dark-skinned , a half-breed , Wilson thought . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('face.n.01.face')
Frequency of Synset('face.n.01'): 115  (the front of the human head from the forehead to the chin and ear to ear)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden 's dark face wore a meditative look . 
	 2.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 3.Example sentence: He straightened his tie at the mirror with a shaking hand ; the genial smile seemed painted on his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros did not at all like the look on Angelo 's regular featured , almost girlishly good-looking face - or indeed anything about Angelo . 

Frequency of Synset('expression.n.01'): 32  (the feelings expressed on a person's face)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden 's dark face wore a meditative look . 
	 2.Example sentence: Glowering looks met them in the bar , but there was no attempt to halt them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Giving the other a dark look , he hauled his bronc around and trotted down off the street . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros did not at all like the look on Angelo 's regular featured , almost girlishly good-looking face - or indeed anything about Angelo . 

Frequency of Synset('face.n.03'): 21  (the general outward appearance of something)
	 1.Example sentence: The first rattle of the machine guns , at 7 : 10 in the evening , roused around me the varied voices and faces of fear . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I could n't remember where we had met . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` No , I never did see his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: A few yards beyond the group of men , a man 's nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green dichondra . 

Frequency of Synset('side.n.04'): 11  (a surface forming part of the outside of an object)
	 1.Example sentence: There are two sides of a coin for this decision . 
	 2.Example sentence: Now and then , the glistening side of a half swamped object showed as it swept past . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the mystery story , as in The Wealth of Nations , individualism and the social good are two sides of the same benevolent coin . 
	 4.Example sentence: Holden noticed almost absently how she chewed , how the whole side of her cheek moved , a slab of fat that extended down into her neck . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('wear.v.03.wear')
Frequency of Synset('wear.v.01'): 86  (be dressed in)
	 1.Example sentence: Indeed , no richer humor is to be found in the whole of American literature than in the letters of the semi-literate men who wore the blue and the gray . 
	 2.Example sentence: She was wearing nothing beneath the coat . 
	 3.Example sentence: I never wear anything at all . 
	 4.Example sentence: And he did n't have any clothes on '' . 

Frequency of Synset('wear.v.02'): 18  (have on one's person)
	 1.Example sentence: For example , suppose a man wearing a $ 200 watch , driving a 1959 Rolls Royce , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` What time is it '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Sam , no one around here wears such heavy soles . 
	 3.Example sentence: He wore a brown knit sports shirt with no tie . 
	 4.Example sentence: He wore no gun - a strange ommission for a peace officer in this country . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('expression.n.01.look')
Frequency of Synset('expression.n.01'): 32  (the feelings expressed on a person's face)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden 's dark face wore a meditative look . 
	 2.Example sentence: Glowering looks met them in the bar , but there was no attempt to halt them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Giving the other a dark look , he hauled his bronc around and trotted down off the street . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros did not at all like the look on Angelo 's regular featured , almost girlishly good-looking face - or indeed anything about Angelo . 

Frequency of Synset('look.n.02'): 13  (the act of directing the eyes toward something and perceiving it visually)
	 1.Example sentence: I did n't get a good look at him at all , his back was to me , and I was so scared . 
	 2.Example sentence: Sweeping a look around , he saw that he was safe for the moment . 
	 3.Example sentence: He clambered out of the dwindling wash , the loose dirt flying behind him , and flashed a look about . 
	 4.Example sentence: The phrase `` consent of the governed '' needs a hard look . 

Frequency of Synset('spirit.n.02'): 63  (the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people)
	 1.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` folksy spirit '' of Protestant religious life ; in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('subsequently.r.01.later')
Frequency of Synset('subsequently.r.01'): 96  (happening at a time subsequent to a reference time)
	 1.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 
	 2.Example sentence: His chief discovery was important - the Great North ( later , the Hudson ) River - but it produced no northwest passage . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( Later , it was to be called Hudson Strait . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: Other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg , the wigmaker , and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading , German , and Danish in the informal curriculum . 

Frequency of Synset('by_and_by.r.01'): 17  (at some eventual time in the future)
	 1.Example sentence: Seventeen months later , on September 6 , 1611 , an Irish fishing boat sighted the Discovery limping eastward outside Galway Bay . 
	 2.Example sentence: I 'll see you later '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a sense almost all high school and college courses could be considered as vocational to the extent that later in life the student in his vocation ( which may be a profession ) will be called upon to use some of the skills developed and the competence obtained . 
	 4.Example sentence: She had quarreled with Lucien , she had resisted his demands for money - and if she died , by the provisions of her marriage contract , Lucien would inherit legally not only the immediate sum of gold under the floorboards in the office , but later , when the war was over , her father 's entire estate . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('very.r.01.very')
Frequency of Synset('very.r.01'): 232  (used as intensifiers; `real' is sometimes used informally for `really'; `rattling' is informal)
	 1.Example sentence: And it makes a very poor red herring for an inside job . 
	 2.Example sentence: Very nice for him . 
	 3.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 

Frequency of Synset('very.r.02'): 11  (precisely so)
	 1.Example sentence: The career of Charles 12 , is obviously very similar to that of Napoleon . 
	 2.Example sentence: Is n't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England ( Massachusetts , Connecticut , and Rhode Island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past , these institutions having previously been A + M colleges ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Both I and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which I now am . 
	 4.Example sentence: But - well , she 'd be very careful . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('better.a.01.better')
Frequency of Synset('better.a.01'): 68  ((comparative of `good') superior to another (of the same class or set or kind) in excellence or quality or desirability or suitability; more highly skilled than another)
	 1.Example sentence: Much better to break a cellar window '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Research , on the other hand , has shown many stepmothers to be eminently successful , some far better than the real mothers . 
	 3.Example sentence: The most important aims of the Jewish students were as follows : to make the world a better place to live in - 30 per cent ; to get happiness for yourself - 28 per cent ; and financial independence - 21 per cent . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Jewish working girl almost invariably works in an office - in contradistinction to gentile factory workers - and , buttressed by a respectable income , she is likely to dress better and live more expansively than the college student . 

Frequency of Synset('better.a.02'): 18  ((comparative of `good') changed for the better in health or fitness)
	 1.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 
	 2.Example sentence: Is the world better for having this idea thrust upon it ? 
	 3.Example sentence: No need leave a note with it , either - or maybe just something like , Do n't worry about me , I 'm going away to make a better life . 
	 4.Example sentence: A better life . 

Frequency of Synset('good.a.01'): 165  (having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified)
	 1.Example sentence: Philip Staffe , the ship 's carpenter , was a good worker , but perversely independent . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1610 , Hudson was probably in his early forties , a good navigator , a stubborn voyager , but otherwise fatally unsuited to his chosen profession . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Better stay in the hotel lobby , where the walls looked good and thick . 

Frequency of Synset('full.s.06'): 19  (having the normally expected amount)
	 1.Example sentence: Otherwise , you may be saddled with a good size milk bill by milk drinkers . 
	 2.Example sentence: There had been a good second or two during which my muffler had been blowing out , and now I was certain I 'd seen her somewhere before . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board . 
	 4.Example sentence: The front windows of the place were long and narrow , reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior . 

Frequency of Synset('good.a.03'): 11  (morally admirable)
	 1.Example sentence: If he is good , he may not be legal ; if he is legal , he may not be good . 
	 2.Example sentence: If he is good , he may not be legal ; if he is legal , he may not be good . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I 'm a good Baptist , and drinking & & & '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Good man , Styka '' . 

Frequency of Synset('estimable.s.02'): 13  (deserving of esteem and respect)
	 1.Example sentence: Still another boy asserted : `` To be a good Jew is to do no wrong ; it 's to be a good person '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: When asked how this was different from being a good Protestant , the boy answered , `` It 's the same thing '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 4.Example sentence: It ignores the sordid financial aspects ( quite conveniently , too , for his audience , who could indulge in moral indignation without visible , or even conscious , discomfort , their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage ) . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('break.v.03.break')
Frequency of Synset('interrupt.v.04'): 14  (terminate)
	 1.Example sentence: How can the vicious circle be broken ? 
	 2.Example sentence: They were engulfed by the weird silence , broken only by the low , angry murmur of the river . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the other hand , the fictional detective does not break strikes or handle divorce cases ; no client would ever think of asking him to do such things . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sleepily , as if half reluctant to break the silence , he lifted his voice : `` Rhu-beb ni ice fresh rhu-beb today '' ! 

Frequency of Synset('break.v.02'): 13  (become separated into pieces or fragments)
	 1.Example sentence: From the point of view of syntactic analysis the head word in the statement is the predicator has broken , and from the point of view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking ; but dominant stress will be assigned to broken only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence . 
	 2.Example sentence: A seeping coldness entered Holden 's being ; his nerves seemed frost-bitten down to the tips of his tingling fingers and his spine felt stiff and glass like , liable to break like an icicle at any moment . 
	 3.Example sentence: I ducked just as the first strand broke somewhere down the line and came whipping over the sideboards . 
	 4.Example sentence: Earthquakes result when movements in the earth twist rocks until they break . 

Frequency of Synset('transgress.v.01'): 12  (act in disregard of laws, rules, contracts, or promises)
	 1.Example sentence: As I have stated previously , the Attorney General has advised me that this section violates fundamental constitutional principles . 
	 2.Example sentence: The section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the substantial lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Before them stalked the beadle , proclaiming as he went , `` Thus the Council deals with those who break its laws - adulterers , thieves , murderers , and lewd persons . 
	 4.Example sentence: Dewey Lawrence , a Tyler lawyer representing the Texas Bankers Association , sounded the opposition keynote when he said it would force banks to violate their contractual obligations with depositors and undermine the confidence of bank customers . 

Frequency of Synset('unwrap.v.02'): 48  (make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret)
	 1.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 2.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 3.Example sentence: He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld ; nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose . 
	 4.Example sentence: And when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face , not letting on he had been there with Alberto . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('forget.v.02.forget')
Frequency of Synset('forget.v.01'): 53  (dismiss from the mind; stop remembering)
	 1.Example sentence: We must not forget , to be sure , that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results . 
	 2.Example sentence: Try to forget motive for the moment . 
	 3.Example sentence: Forget motive ? 
	 4.Example sentence: He had almost forgotten them , although they had played such an important part in his early dreams . 

Frequency of Synset('forget.v.02'): 15  (be unable to remember)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Do n't forget , there was the hope it would pass for a natural death '' , Pauling reminded him . 
	 2.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I forgot '' ! she yelped . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('promise.n.02.hope')
Frequency of Synset('hope.n.01'): 16  (a specific instance of feeling hopeful)
	 1.Example sentence: Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope waning by the moment . 
	 2.Example sentence: She could not resist the opportunity `` of showing her superiority in argument over a man '' which she had remarked as one of the `` feminine follies '' of Sara Sullam ; and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception - he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College - until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hope surged within him . 
	 4.Example sentence: And he knew in that moment , with a cold sinking of despair , a dying of old hopes , that Mae had spread some kind of word there among the neighbors . 

Frequency of Synset('hope.n.02'): 15  (the general feeling that some desire will be fulfilled)
	 1.Example sentence: For Blanche , Kitti 's death was a source of guilty , but nonetheless soaring , happy hope . 
	 2.Example sentence: In Blanche 's defense , it must be said she was unaware of the newborn hope . 
	 3.Example sentence: Meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty protagonist ; a maladroit reharmonization of our National Anthem ( The Star-Spangled Banner ) ; a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto ; a circus polka for elephants ; his hopes that the tunes from his old music might be used for popular American commercial songs ! 
	 4.Example sentence: What was that old sign , supposed to be painted over a door somewhere , Abandon hope , all ye who enter here ? 

Frequency of Synset('promise.n.02'): 21  (grounds for feeling hopeful about the future)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Do n't forget , there was the hope it would pass for a natural death '' , Pauling reminded him . 
	 2.Example sentence: He tramped out of the Miners Rest with his hopes plummeting , and headed doggedly for the Palace Saloon , the last place of any consequence on this side of the street . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was , of course , no hope it really would be that simple . 
	 4.Example sentence: Pam found she had no answers ; had only a hope . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('natural.a.01.natural')
Frequency of Synset('natural.a.01'): 22  (in accordance with nature; relating to or concerning nature)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Do n't forget , there was the hope it would pass for a natural death '' , Pauling reminded him . 
	 2.Example sentence: For so long as death was not violent , it was natural and to be welcomed , making a funeral a feast . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` You seem to have read so much , you have a natural gift for words '' , he added , trying to flatter her vanity . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was nothing that he said or did , but it seemed so natural to her that she should be working for him , looking forward to his eventual proposal . 

Frequency of Synset('natural.a.02'): 15  (existing in or produced by nature; not artificial or imitation)
	 1.Example sentence: What of the efficiency of this natural instrument of free discussion ? 
	 2.Example sentence: William Gilmore Simms , sturdy realist that he was , pleaded for a natural robustness such as he found in his favorites the great Elizabethans , to vivify the pale writings being produced around him . 
	 3.Example sentence: A family dwelling without a basement provides some natural shielding from fallout radiation . 
	 4.Example sentence: Large apartment buildings of masonry or concrete provide better natural shelter than the usual family dwellings . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('prompt.v.03.remind')
Frequency of Synset('remind.v.01'): 22  (put in the mind of someone)
	 1.Example sentence: We are reminded , however , that freedom of thought and discussion , the unfettered exchange of ideas , is basic under our form of government . 
	 2.Example sentence: He reminded himself that all eliminations were tentative . 
	 3.Example sentence: He also reminded himself that he had an unusual number of possibilities . 
	 4.Example sentence: She no longer wanted anything about him to remind her of the circumstances of their meeting that first night in Parioli . 

Frequency of Synset('prompt.v.03'): 13  (assist (somebody acting or reciting) by suggesting the next words of something forgotten or imperfectly learned)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Do n't forget , there was the hope it would pass for a natural death '' , Pauling reminded him . 
	 2.Example sentence: But she cleans it up very well when I remind her '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: During the summer he had tried to repair some of his losses at the track , and the bare trees reminded him that his pari-mutuel tickets would still be lying , like leaves , in the gutters near Belmont and Saratoga . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this connection , it has been observed that the increasing number of Irish Catholics , priests and laity , in England , while certainly seen as good for Catholicism , is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic English Catholics , especially when these Irishmen offer to remind their Christian brethren of this good . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('house.n.01.house')
Frequency of Synset('house.n.01'): 147  (a dwelling that serves as living quarters for one or more families)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second reported that the dilapidated houses in Virginia `` look like the latter end of original sin and hard times '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: We got to one house where there were five secessionist they brok + run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them . 
	 4.Example sentence: Along the main thoroughfares hardly a house had not been peppered . 

Frequency of Synset('family.n.01'): 66  (a social unit living together)
	 1.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 
	 2.Example sentence: His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school . 
	 3.Example sentence: It takes place in the household , a rite of well wishing for myriad occasions - for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the New Year , for any good purpose . 
	 4.Example sentence: The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation . 

Frequency of Synset('theater.n.01'): 16  (a building where theatrical performances or motion-picture shows can be presented)
	 1.Example sentence: No Jew was on hand to boycott his financially struggling theater . 
	 2.Example sentence: in his motherland ; in the spacious hunting grounds of `` Uncle Sam '' ; in the exciting salons of his lovely , brilliant Paris - mistress of gaiety - excess and abandon - world theatre of new found freedoms in tone , color , dance , design , and thought . 
	 3.Example sentence: O ' Banion tucked away his gun and walked out of the theatre ; he was neither prosecuted nor even arrested . 
	 4.Example sentence: Its truth is illustrated by the skill , sensitivity , and general expertise of the English professor with whom one attends the theatre . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('detect.v.01.notice')
Frequency of Synset('detect.v.01'): 230  (discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of)
	 1.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since , though . 

Frequency of Synset('notice.v.02'): 54  (notice or perceive)
	 1.Example sentence: Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way ? 
	 3.Example sentence: None noted at the Dumont . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 

Frequency of Synset('comment.v.01'): 24  (make or write a comment on)
	 1.Example sentence: Alexander the Great , who used runners as message carriers , did not have to worry about having every officer in his command hear what he said and having hundreds of them comment at once . 
	 2.Example sentence: But it should be pointed out that some of the new watering places - Fire Island , Nantucket , Westhampton , Long Island , for example - tend to be homogeneously Jewish . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I might point out that your inability to report to my office this morning when you were instructed to do so has not , ah , limited my knowledge of your activities as you may have hoped '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: He points out that from the time of Jackson on through World War 1 , , evangelical Protestantism was a dominant influence in the social and political life of America . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('interrupt.v.01.interrupt')
Frequency of Synset('interrupt.v.01'): 18  (make a break in)
	 1.Example sentence: The telephone interrupted him . 
	 2.Example sentence: It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , in addition , required kosher food . 
	 3.Example sentence: She was interrupted . 
	 4.Example sentence: The cloudburst cut off abruptly . 

Frequency of Synset('interrupt.v.04'): 14  (terminate)
	 1.Example sentence: How can the vicious circle be broken ? 
	 2.Example sentence: They were engulfed by the weird silence , broken only by the low , angry murmur of the river . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the other hand , the fictional detective does not break strikes or handle divorce cases ; no client would ever think of asking him to do such things . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sleepily , as if half reluctant to break the silence , he lifted his voice : `` Rhu-beb ni ice fresh rhu-beb today '' ! 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('then.r.01.then')
Frequency of Synset('then.r.01'): 297  (subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors))
	 1.Example sentence: He scooped up the receiver and said , `` Police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` Oh yes , Mr. Benson . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the first three weeks , the ship skirted up the east coast of Great Britain , then turned westward . 
	 4.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 

Frequency of Synset('then.r.02'): 104  (in that case or as a consequence)
	 1.Example sentence: If Arthur Williams was involved in the fraud or the murder , then he too had another identity . 
	 2.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: If economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: If we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact . 

Frequency of Synset('then.r.03'): 81  (at that time)
	 1.Example sentence: Then more than ever before did they show their fortitude and patient cheerfulness . 
	 2.Example sentence: He also met Count Rumford ( born Benjamin Thompson in Woburn, Mass . ) who was then serving the Elector of Bavaria , and the physicist Ritter ; these were Oersted 's main contacts in science . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then he was sick . 
	 4.Example sentence: Maybe Lou was only unconscious , but right then I thought he must be dead . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hope.v.02.hope')
Frequency of Synset('hope.v.01'): 64  (expect and wish)
	 1.Example sentence: A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: She realized I 'd have to notify the police , but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name . 
	 3.Example sentence: He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . 
	 4.Example sentence: The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . 

Frequency of Synset('hope.v.02'): 35  (be optimistic; be full of hope; have hopes)
	 1.Example sentence: I was hoping I 'd hear from you today '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I hope his suggestions are given the consideration they deserve in Kikuyu circles . 
	 3.Example sentence: Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials , and his flair for orchestrations - his brilliant Petruchka , his savage Sacre du Printemps , his incisive Les Noces - the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Or you could hope the parachute would n't open just so you could say you saw it not open , not because you meant any harm to Starkey Poe in his suit of red underwear , but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid - a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant , but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice : `` I think I 'm pregnant '' . 

Frequency of Synset('hope.v.03'): 23  (intend with some possibility of fulfilment)
	 1.Example sentence: Suddenly it seemed to him insane that they might hope to locate Gyp Carmer so casually , even were he to prove the thief . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sweat broke out on Mr. Skyros ' forehead as he realized he had been actually thinking - hoping - planning - perhaps - 
	 3.Example sentence: As Curt had hoped , the house door banged open . 
	 4.Example sentence: What type of action can hope to win public support , first in this country and then abroad ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hear.v.04.hear')
Frequency of Synset('hear.v.01'): 226  (perceive (sound) via the auditory sense)
	 1.Example sentence: Amid the crackle of small arms and automatic weapons , I heard the thumping of mortars . 
	 2.Example sentence: As I went out , I could hear water pouring in the shower . 
	 3.Example sentence: He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated , although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient specialists of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss , for example , in precision machinery and mathematics , or the Finns in geochemistry . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.02'): 162  (get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort . 
	 3.Example sentence: But I 'm pleased to hear - '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` How 'd you hear about this one '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('hear.v.03'): 12  (examine or hear (evidence or a case) by judicial process)
	 1.Example sentence: Hudson , presiding , heard Juet 's defense , then called for testimony from crew members . 
	 2.Example sentence: A House committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report , although the resolution faces hard sledding later . 
	 3.Example sentence: The judge became ill just as the Colfax District Court convened , no substitute was brought in , no criminal cases heard , only 5 out of 122 cases docketed were tried , and court adjourned sine die after sitting a few days instead of the usual three weeks . 
	 4.Example sentence: These were the last two days set aside by the board for hearing appeals . 

Frequency of Synset('listen.v.02'): 32  (listen and pay attention)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Uhhu '' , she said , hardly listening as she studied her left eyelid . 
	 2.Example sentence: We cannot listen to a conversation for five minutes without being acutely aware of the confusion . 
	 3.Example sentence: So Lolotte - or anybody - could have listened , and that somebody could have already been supplied with the missing bottle of opium . 
	 4.Example sentence: So they stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it , not listening exactly , but rather , feeling . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('pull.v.04.pull')
Frequency of Synset('pull.v.01'): 54  (cause to move by pulling)
	 1.Example sentence: Hotel attendants pulled parked bicycles into the lobby . 
	 2.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 3.Example sentence: He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn . 
	 4.Example sentence: He opened the door and went in , pulling it shut behind him . 

Frequency of Synset('attract.v.01'): 35  (direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physical attributes)
	 1.Example sentence: If he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested , he had his answer a moment later . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World - the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated - the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America - the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso - the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art - the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . 
	 3.Example sentence: In spending his money today , the consumer is pulled in many directions . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Roger , Sweeney '' , Todman called back , and pulled his four in and slightly above Greg . 

Frequency of Synset('perpetrate.v.01'): 13  (perform an act, usually with a negative connotation)
	 1.Example sentence: Others who wrote of low characters and low life included Thomas Bangs Thorpe , creator of the Big Bear of Arkansas and Tom Owen , the Bee-Hunter ; Johnson Jones Hooper , whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; and George Washington Harris , whose Tennessee hillbilly character Sut Lovingood perpetrated more unmalicious mischief and more unintended pain than any other character in literature . 
	 2.Example sentence: If such a paragon of perfection as Palmer could commit such a scoring sacrilege , there was hope left for all . 
	 3.Example sentence: District Attorney M. W. Mills warned that he would vigorously prosecute persons caught committing these crimes or carrying arms - he just did n't catch anyone . 
	 4.Example sentence: Moreover , the diabetic patient who relies on cure by the quack device and therefore cuts off his insulin intake can be committing suicide . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('get_down.v.07.begin')
Frequency of Synset('get_down.v.07'): 436  (take the first step or steps in carrying out an action)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth 's glance began to flicker to his watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 4.Example sentence: The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman . 

Frequency of Synset('begin.v.02'): 71  (have a beginning, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense)
	 1.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Begin to look like him now , would you say ? 
	 3.Example sentence: When Siamese cats are intertwined it is difficult to tell where one leaves off and another begins . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I do n't know , Mr. Brenner '' , he said haltingly , beginning to get an inkling of Brenner 's plans . 

Frequency of Synset('begin.v.03'): 76  (set in motion, cause to start)
	 1.Example sentence: The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university . 
	 2.Example sentence: To secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 
	 4.Example sentence: And they sat down and began their little coffee party . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('note.n.01.note')
Frequency of Synset('note.n.01'): 13  (a brief written record)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pauling looked at his notes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nevertheless , he made a mental note to look into Garth 's financial background . 
	 4.Example sentence: Oersted remodeled Ritter 's notes into an essay in French which was submitted to the Institut de France for its annual prize of 3000 francs . 

Frequency of Synset('note.n.02'): 13  (a short personal letter)
	 1.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 2.Example sentence: No need leave a note with it , either - or maybe just something like , Do n't worry about me , I 'm going away to make a better life . 
	 3.Example sentence: He left a note propped on the desk asking her to call him sometime today , and drove home . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then he was striding across the room , his thoughts confused but the worry building swiftly inside him as he snatched up the note . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('listen.v.01.listen')
Frequency of Synset('listen.v.01'): 50  (hear with intention)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hauling up , Russ listened carefully . 
	 3.Example sentence: She was listening to other voices , out of the future . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had never heard so many bells , and as he lay there listening , he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps . 

Frequency of Synset('listen.v.02'): 32  (listen and pay attention)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Uhhu '' , she said , hardly listening as she studied her left eyelid . 
	 2.Example sentence: We cannot listen to a conversation for five minutes without being acutely aware of the confusion . 
	 3.Example sentence: So Lolotte - or anybody - could have listened , and that somebody could have already been supplied with the missing bottle of opium . 
	 4.Example sentence: So they stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it , not listening exactly , but rather , feeling . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('call.v.03.call')
Frequency of Synset('name.v.01'): 121  (assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to)
	 1.Example sentence: He named this opening , between Baffin Island and Labrador , the `` Furious Overfall '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: ( Later , it was to be called Hudson Strait . ) 
	 3.Example sentence: Poor winds and fog locked her up in a harbor the crew called `` Lousie Bay '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hudson named the capes Digges and Wolstenholme , for two of his backers . 

Frequency of Synset('call.v.02'): 47  (ascribe a quality to or give a name of a common noun that reflects a quality)
	 1.Example sentence: ( Call it mentally young ; call it retarded . ) 
	 2.Example sentence: ( Call it mentally young ; call it retarded . ) 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Call this a cry for help '' , Faith Constable said . 
	 4.Example sentence: I think I was what you might call a convivial man , and yet it was when I was alone in my studio , doing my work , that I really felt alive . 

Frequency of Synset('call.v.03'): 39  (get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone)
	 1.Example sentence: At last he said , `` Well , thank you for calling , Mr. Benson . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 3.Example sentence: A freshman girl 's father not too long ago called a dean at Brooklyn College and demanded the `` low-down '' on a boy who was going out with his daughter . 
	 4.Example sentence: Or maybe I call you - tonight ? 

Frequency of Synset('shout.v.02'): 83  (utter a sudden loud cry)
	 1.Example sentence: I cried . 
	 2.Example sentence: Like the cowboy in Stephen Crane 's `` Blue Hotel '' , we run around crying , `` Well , I did n't do anything , did I '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Oh , that 's wonderful '' , cried Mrs. Crombie . 
	 4.Example sentence: Somewhere in the distance , a woman screamed . 

Frequency of Synset('call.v.05'): 23  (order, request, or command to come)
	 1.Example sentence: Those souls like to wander off , and must be called back . 
	 2.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hoag said , `` I did n't send for you , Leigh . 
	 4.Example sentence: Will you call that captain '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('visit.v.03'): 24  (pay a brief visit)
	 1.Example sentence: Yet had he not visited the girl at Saw Buck he would never have been involved in this latest tangle . 
	 2.Example sentence: Sadie studied piano ; played Chopin in the `` Soiree Musicale of Mr. Guthrie 's Pupils '' ; and she recited `` Hector 's Farewell to Andromache '' most movingly , to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds ' in Baltimore . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Szolds , like the Marches , enjoyed and loved living together , even in troubled times ; and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the Steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives only context can indicate whether visiting relatives is equivalent in meaning to paying visits to relatives or to relatives who are visiting them , and in I looked up the number and I looked up the chimney only the meanings of number and chimney make it clear that up is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition followed by its object in the second . 

Frequency of Synset('predict.v.01'): 35  (make a prediction about; tell in advance)
	 1.Example sentence: Cook Bennett Mathues said Juet had predicted bloodshed on the ship . 
	 2.Example sentence: It really looked as if a change of the sort predicted by Booker T. Washington had been going on . 
	 3.Example sentence: She could always predict what Stanley was going to do , ever since she first met him . 
	 4.Example sentence: What I am here to do is to report on the gyrations of the struggle - a struggle that amounts to self redefinition - to see if we can predict its future course . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('doubt.n.01.doubt')
Frequency of Synset('doubt.n.01'): 26  (the state of being unsure of something)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage . 
	 3.Example sentence: Doubt on this point is strongest before / l / and / / or / r / . 
	 4.Example sentence: The opium had disappeared before Emile 's death and whoever shot him could not by any stretch of the imagination have foreseen Sarah 's own doubts and suspicions - and questions . 

Frequency of Synset('doubt.n.02'): 11  (uncertainty about the truth or factuality or existence of something)
	 1.Example sentence: His claim was therefore `` so highly exaggerated '' , the Department concluded , that it `` cast doubt upon his veracity and , consequently , upon his sincerity and good faith '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was no question of that . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the beginning of the play she has partial illumination and at the end she has complete illumination , but there has been no question but that she moves toward the dark . 
	 4.Example sentence: The question would also be removed if we believed in the contrary - total salvation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mind.n.01.mind')
Frequency of Synset('mind.n.01'): 97  (that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I looked unceasingly With my cold mind and with my burning heart '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host 's fertile but disorganized mind . 
	 4.Example sentence: They give strict interpretation to William James ' statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . 

Frequency of Synset('mind.n.02'): 13  (recall or remembrance)
	 1.Example sentence: What on earth was in Mae 's mind , that she wanted him up there spying on what the cops were doing ? 
	 2.Example sentence: A second scene flashed before his mind , the interior of the garage at the new house and the young Bartlett girl turning startled to meet him , the dim dark and the sudden confusion and fear and then the brightness as Mae had clicked on the light . 
	 3.Example sentence: And when he came to examine the scene , there was a certain staginess to it , it had the smell of planning , and a swift suspicion darted into his mind . 
	 4.Example sentence: He could tell them his fears of being involved , he could explain what had happened in the old neighborhood and how Mae had misunderstood and how she had held it over him - the scene was complete in his mind at the moment , even to his own jerkings and snivelings , and Ferguson 's silent patience . 

Frequency of Synset('judgment.n.01'): 27  (an opinion formed by judging something)
	 1.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 
	 2.Example sentence: In one debate he supported the freedom of judgment as opposed to dogma , in another he held that the practice of science was in fact an act of religious worship . 
	 3.Example sentence: Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in My own Mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; and perhaps of even greater significance - his music is strong 20 th Century evidence of the effectiveness of Evolution , based on a broad Traditionalism for the creative art of music . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('manage.v.02.handle')
Frequency of Synset('manage.v.02'): 51  (be in charge of, act on, or dispose of)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: Present at the scene - in addition to the dead man , who was indeed Louis Thor - had been Thor 's partner Bill Blake , and Antony Rose , an advertising agency executive who handled the ZING account . 
	 4.Example sentence: If , as I suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems . 

Frequency of Synset('treat.v.01'): 45  (interact in a certain way)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: One thing Papa had not taught Henrietta was how to handle a young man as high-spirited and opinionated as herself . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the pre Civil War years , the South argued that the slave was not less humanely treated than the factory worker of the North . 
	 4.Example sentence: Strong stress on hunger treats hunger as an additional stimulus , strong stress on stimulates treats stimulation as an additional effect of hunger , strong stress on man treats man as an additional creature who responds to the stimulation of hunger . 

Frequency of Synset('cover.v.05'): 63  (act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression)
	 1.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 2.Example sentence: For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the steprelationship . 
	 3.Example sentence: One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : 
	 4.Example sentence: Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('look.v.01.look')
Frequency of Synset('look.v.01'): 217  (perceive with attention; direct one's gaze towards)
	 1.Example sentence: Pauling looked at his notes . 
	 2.Example sentence: I looked at my watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' - He stopped and looked at Thor 's body . 
	 4.Example sentence: Looking the setup over , Stevens started coolly for the rear of the place . 

Frequency of Synset('look.v.02'): 736  (give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . 
	 4.Example sentence: This was the bitter end , and Hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure . 

Frequency of Synset('look.v.03'): 20  (have a certain outward or facial expression)
	 1.Example sentence: Pauling looked doubtful . 
	 2.Example sentence: The young man spoke steadily enough , but all at once he looked grotesquely unshaven . 
	 3.Example sentence: Shadow looked surprised , wailed , and trotted after her . 
	 4.Example sentence: She looked confused at this , and I felt sure it had been a wrong response for me to make . 

Frequency of Synset('search.v.02'): 18  (search or seek)
	 1.Example sentence: I looked unceasingly With my cold mind and with my burning heart '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Alison was still sound asleep ; he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag , and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom , which tasted peculiarly of face powder . 
	 3.Example sentence: Look somewhere else . 
	 4.Example sentence: His light blue eyes , set deep within the face , are actively and continually looking . 

Frequency of Synset('front.v.01'): 16  (be oriented in a certain direction, often with respect to another reference point; be opposite to)
	 1.Example sentence: Without taking off his coat , he sat in the blue chair which still faced the closed bedroom door . 
	 2.Example sentence: On some of the islands ' beaches the waves came in gently ; they were steepest on the shores facing the direction of the seaquake from which the waves had come . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Facing us , two flights up . 
	 4.Example sentence: Brannon was hunkered down with his broad back to the left rear wheel , with the other two facing him . 

Frequency of Synset('expect.v.03'): 42  (look forward to the probable occurrence of)
	 1.Example sentence: He would have had ample time to go into a blind somewhere and wait his prey . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not when she 'd waited so long already . 
	 3.Example sentence: This habit had become so fixed over the years that it seemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I 've been waiting to get these things done for months '' , she said . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('atom.n.02.particle')
Frequency of Synset('atom.n.02'): 34  ((nontechnical usage) a tiny piece of anything)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Many minute hemorrhages in the lungs ; particles of lint and thread in the mouth and nostrils . 
	 2.Example sentence: The paramagnetic dipole effects provide some information on the particle shapes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Electron microscopic examination of the **f sample showed it to be composed of nearly isotropic particles about 0.3 lm in diameter . 
	 4.Example sentence: The particles appeared rough and undoubtedly the single crystal domains are smaller than this . 

Frequency of Synset('particle.n.02'): 18  (a body having finite mass and internal structure but negligible dimensions)
	 1.Example sentence: The Poynting-Robertson effect ( Robertson , 1937 ; Wyatt and Whipple , 1950 ) , which is a retardation of the orbital motion of particles by the relativistic aberration of the repulsive force of the impinging solar radiation , causes the dust to spiral into the sun in times much shorter than the age of the Earth . 
	 2.Example sentence: The radial velocity varies inversely as the particle size - a 1000 - | m diameter particle near the orbit of Mars would reach the sun in about 60 million years . 
	 3.Example sentence: The radial velocity varies inversely as the particle size - a 1000 - | m diameter particle near the orbit of Mars would reach the sun in about 60 million years . 
	 4.Example sentence: Whipple ( 1955 ) extends the effects to include the solar corpuscular radiation pressure , which increases both the minimum particle size and the drag . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('identical.s.01.identical')
Frequency of Synset('identical.s.01'): 13  (exactly alike; incapable of being perceived as different)
	 1.Example sentence: Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities . 
	 2.Example sentence: We assume that average total unit cost in the relevant region of operation is constant with respect to quantity produced ( the average cost curve is horizontal , and therefore is identical with the marginal cost curve ) , and is the same for every firm ( and therefore for the industry ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hoijer 's Athabascan and my Yokuts share 71 identical meanings ( with allowance for several near synonyms like stomach belly , big large , long far , many much , die dead , say speak ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: For Athabascan , with a greater range of stems , the first two of five corresponding columns were identical , 1 and 2 stems ; the three others had to be spread somewhat , and are headed respectively * * f ; * * f ; and * * f stems . 

Frequency of Synset('identical.s.02'): 23  (being the exact same one; not any other:)
	 1.Example sentence: The very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts ; usually , this is most exasperating to men , who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly . 
	 2.Example sentence: And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus his persistence values for some stem frequencies per meaning is : stem identical in 8 languages , 100 % ; stem frequencies 7 and 1 , 86 % ; stem frequencies 4 and 4 , 64 % ; stem frequencies 4 , 3 , and 1 , 57 % . 
	 4.Example sentence: Even in the very area where the shooting had been done , cattle were still disappearing . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('causal_agent.n.01.cause')
Frequency of Synset('cause.n.01'): 14  (events that provide the generative force that is the origin of something)
	 1.Example sentence: No other cause of death apparent . 
	 2.Example sentence: The experiments of Romagnosi and others have already been noted but no one had determined the cause and effect relationship between these two primary forces . 
	 3.Example sentence: A Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of diarrhoea : `` I have bin a little sick with diorah two or three days . 
	 4.Example sentence: Here , too , the cause to hate lay well back in the years . 

Frequency of Synset('campaign.n.02'): 20  (a series of actions advancing a principle or tending toward a particular end)
	 1.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 
	 2.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: His cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present . 
	 4.Example sentence: His broad interest in literary , political , and philosophical movements opened many doors to him . 

Frequency of Synset('lawsuit.n.01'): 24  (a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court of law whereby an individual seeks a legal remedy)
	 1.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 
	 2.Example sentence: Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; petitioner was not denied due process ; and his conviction is sustained . 
	 3.Example sentence: Haydn C. Covington argued the cause and filed a brief for petitioner . 
	 4.Example sentence: Daniel M. Friedman argued the cause for the United States . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('object.n.01.object')
Frequency of Synset('object.n.01'): 51  (a tangible and visible entity; an entity that can cast a shadow)
	 1.Example sentence: Trachea clear of mucus and foreign objects . 
	 2.Example sentence: Men blew dust on objects in a room on the seventeenth floor of the Hotel Dumont and blew it off again , and did the same in a tiny , almost airless room in a tenement in the West Forties . 
	 3.Example sentence: A word taken in its dictionary meaning , a photographic image of a recognizable object , the mere picturing of a `` scene '' tends to lose experiential vividness and to connote such conventional abstractions as to invite neutral reception without the incitement of value feelings . 
	 4.Example sentence: Experience is not seen , as it is in classical rationalism , as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character , movements , and changes on the tabula rasa of an uninvolved intellect . 

Frequency of Synset('aim.n.02'): 47  (the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable))
	 1.Example sentence: How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Each time his objective had been the same - a direct water passage from Western Europe to the Far East . 
	 4.Example sentence: Patiently , he explained what he knew about their course and their objectives . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('brain.n.01.brain')
Frequency of Synset('brain.n.01'): 21  (that part of the central nervous system that includes all the higher nervous centers; enclosed within the skull; continuous with the spinal cord)
	 1.Example sentence: Brain examined for thrombosis , clot or hemorrhage . 
	 2.Example sentence: No signs of these , no gross hemorrhage of lungs , heart , brain or stomach '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The tines broke off under Jess 's twisting , and he swung the handle in an attempt to knock Curt 's brains out . 
	 4.Example sentence: And every sound that might be the rain also might be the man who thinks after he has raped you he has to beat your brains out with a tire tool so you won n't tell , a combination like ham and eggs , rape her and kill her , and that is being an old maid too . 

Frequency of Synset('mind.n.01'): 97  (that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I looked unceasingly With my cold mind and with my burning heart '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host 's fertile but disorganized mind . 
	 4.Example sentence: They give strict interpretation to William James ' statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('examine.v.02.examine')
Frequency of Synset('analyze.v.01'): 111  (consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning)
	 1.Example sentence: Evangelism and congregational outreach have not been carefully studied in the churches ; one study in Pittsburgh , however , has illuminated the situation . 
	 2.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 
	 3.Example sentence: Studying The Merchant of Venice in high school and college has given many young people their notions about Jews . 
	 4.Example sentence: Assuredly in our political campaigns there is freedom to think , to examine any and all issues , and to speak without restraint . 

Frequency of Synset('examine.v.02'): 11  (observe, check out, and look over carefully or inspect)
	 1.Example sentence: Brain examined for thrombosis , clot or hemorrhage . 
	 2.Example sentence: Cursing himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot , Russ drew his Colt and examined it briefly . 
	 3.Example sentence: He examined the water marks on the iron tires when the animals were finished . 
	 4.Example sentence: He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead . 

Frequency of Synset('probe.v.01'): 12  (question or examine thoroughly and closely)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you carefully examined the selling techniques which best suit your products ? 
	 2.Example sentence: A second major point of this essay is to examine the formal arrangements for the elections . 
	 3.Example sentence: The more I probed into this young man 's activities and character , the less savory I found him . 
	 4.Example sentence: In evaluating data on the concentration of TSH in blood , one must examine critically the bio-assay methods used to obtain them . 

Frequency of Synset('test.v.01'): 50  (put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to)
	 1.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long sought waterway . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ideas need to be tested , and not merely by argument and debate . 
	 4.Example sentence: A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sign.n.06.sign')
Frequency of Synset('sign.n.01'): 17  (a perceptible indication of something not immediately apparent (as a visible clue that something has happened))
	 1.Example sentence: There was no sign of Mrs. Lauren Payne at her house on Nod Road , Ridgefield , Connecticut . 
	 2.Example sentence: The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was no real sign of the river now , just a roiling , oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: His wife did n't give a sign she 'd heard . 

Frequency of Synset('signal.n.01'): 20  (any nonverbal action or gesture that encodes a message)
	 1.Example sentence: The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling . 
	 2.Example sentence: But it was a hopeful sign , he told himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: Neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense organs . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The pattern '' , says Dr. Morton Schillinger , psychologist at New York 's Lincoln Institute for Psychotherapy , `` is for the husband to hover about anxiously and eagerly , virtually trembling in his hope that she will flash him the signal that tonight is the night '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('heart.n.02.heart')
Frequency of Synset('heart.n.01'): 29  (the locus of feelings and intuitions)
	 1.Example sentence: I looked unceasingly With my cold mind and with my burning heart '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: In a similar vein , but writing from the opposite side , Thomas Taylor , a private in the 6 th Alabama Volunteers , in a letter to his wife , stated : `` You know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe By a set of cowardly Skunks whose Motto is Booty . 
	 3.Example sentence: He tells of his `` Jewish heart '' - not a Shylockian heart ; but a Jewish heart . 
	 4.Example sentence: He tells of his `` Jewish heart '' - not a Shylockian heart ; but a Jewish heart . 

Frequency of Synset('heart.n.02'): 23  (the hollow muscular organ located behind the sternum and between the lungs; its rhythmic contractions move the blood through the body)
	 1.Example sentence: No signs of these , no gross hemorrhage of lungs , heart , brain or stomach '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Sadie , like Beth March , suffered ill health - got rheumatic fever and had to be careful of her heart - but that never dampened her spirits . 
	 3.Example sentence: And then there was a numbing blow to the heart , and another gut flattening blow to the stomach . 
	 4.Example sentence: The original electrocardiograph primarily indicates irregularities in the heartbeat , but today 's techniques allow exact measurements of the flow of blood through the aorta , dimensioning of the heart and its chambers , and a much more detailed study of each heartbeat . 

Frequency of Synset('heart.n.03'): 12  (the courage to carry on)
	 1.Example sentence: Or you could wish your daddy would really do it - kill Gratt Shafer like he said when you all the time , all along , could feel the nerve draining out of him like air out of a punctured tire when you are on a muddy road alone and it is raining and at night . 
	 2.Example sentence: You have n't got the heart for baseball '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: But what you have n't got is the heart to back up that talent with . 
	 4.Example sentence: The heart , Phil . 

Frequency of Synset('center.n.01'): 66  (an area that is approximately central within some larger region)
	 1.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 2.Example sentence: This is particularly true in large centers of Jewish population like New York , Chicago , and Philadelphia . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World - the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated - the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America - the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso - the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art - the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . 
	 4.Example sentence: The circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him . 

Frequency of Synset('kernel.n.03'): 12  (the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience)
	 1.Example sentence: George Meredith has said that fervor is the core of style . 
	 2.Example sentence: For Plato , `` imitation '' is twice removed from reality , being a poor copy of physical appearance , which in itself is a poor copy of ideal essence . 
	 3.Example sentence: At any rate , the substance of Eichmann 's testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the SS , and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews , his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to that extent . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is the strategy of blockade , therefore , that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials , Members of Congress , officers in the Pentagon . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('stomach.n.01.stomach')
Frequency of Synset('stomach.n.01'): 17  (an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal organ of digestion)
	 1.Example sentence: No signs of these , no gross hemorrhage of lungs , heart , brain or stomach '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven o ' clock dinner . 
	 3.Example sentence: I eat too much eggs and poark it sowered [ on ] my stomack and turn loose on me '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hoijer 's Athabascan and my Yokuts share 71 identical meanings ( with allowance for several near synonyms like stomach belly , big large , long far , many much , die dead , say speak ) . 

Frequency of Synset('abdomen.n.01'): 14  (the region of the body of a vertebrate between the thorax and the pelvis)
	 1.Example sentence: Russ gave him a brutal thrust that tumbled him over flat on his stomach . 
	 2.Example sentence: He stepped inside Jess 's guard and landed two blows to the big man 's belly , putting everything he had behind them . 
	 3.Example sentence: O ' Banion drew his guns and fired at Dave , severely wounding him in the stomach . 
	 4.Example sentence: He rocked back in the chair , knee locked against stomach , his beady eyes fixed on Matson . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('vary.v.03.vary')
Frequency of Synset('change.v.03'): 40  (become different in some particular way, without permanently losing one's or its former characteristics or essence)
	 1.Example sentence: States were free to enact , within broad though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 
	 3.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 
	 4.Example sentence: ( We abstract here from technological progress and assume that prices of all other products change proportionately . ) 

Frequency of Synset('deviate.v.02'): 26  (be at variance with; be out of line with)
	 1.Example sentence: The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a 6 % increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1 , 1958 . 
	 2.Example sentence: A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region . 
	 3.Example sentence: Second , for both sexes , the 21 transverse lines in the Onset Profile vary more in individual spread than those in the Completion Profile . 
	 4.Example sentence: Research at Fayette , Missouri on oxidation ponds has shown that the BOD in the treated effluent varied from 30 to 53 mg / l with loadings from 8 to 120 lb BOD / day / acre . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('upper.s.02.upper')
Frequency of Synset('upper.s.01'): 18  (the topmost one of two)
	 1.Example sentence: In the lower center rack an 8 - channel recorder indicates the percentage of carbon dioxide and nitrogen from the upper and lower lobes of one lung , the total volume of inhalation per breath , the flow of air from both lobes , and the pressure of the two lobes with respect to each other . 
	 2.Example sentence: The upper curve denotes the mean plus one standard deviation , and the lower curve represents the mean minus one standard deviation . 
	 3.Example sentence: First , the upper portion requires series of films for every child , consisting of those from Hand , Elbow , Shoulder , Knee , and Foot . 
	 4.Example sentence: Second , the upper portion permits comparison of maturity levels of an equal number of growth centers from the long , short , and round bones of the five regions . 

Frequency of Synset('upper.s.02'): 13  (higher in place or position)
	 1.Example sentence: The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven o ' clock dinner . 
	 2.Example sentence: The university was the only one in Denmark and the status of professor represented the upper social level . 
	 3.Example sentence: A second twitched his shirtsleeve , and he felt a brief burn on his upper arm . 
	 4.Example sentence: In upper teen Jewish life , the non college group tends to have a sense of marginality . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('argue.v.03.indicate')
Frequency of Synset('bespeak.v.01'): 73  (be a signal for or a symptom of)
	 1.Example sentence: The secretary 's tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a concession for which Madden should be duly grateful . 
	 2.Example sentence: He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . 
	 3.Example sentence: She could not resist the opportunity `` of showing her superiority in argument over a man '' which she had remarked as one of the `` feminine follies '' of Sara Sullam ; and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception - he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College - until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive . 

Frequency of Synset('indicate.v.02'): 103  (indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Bo ^ o ^ k indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . 
	 3.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . 

Frequency of Synset('indicate.v.03'): 36  (to state or express briefly)
	 1.Example sentence: Twice he had failed , and the Muscovy Company indicated it would not back him again . 
	 2.Example sentence: His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . 
	 3.Example sentence: If action is indicated , what kind of action is relevant to the problem ? 
	 4.Example sentence: From this amount deduct the items indicated below . 

Frequency of Synset('argue.v.03'): 14  (give evidence of)
	 1.Example sentence: The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven o ' clock dinner . 
	 2.Example sentence: Individual differences in maturation and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their capacity for school achievement . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still , it would be surprising if what one reads did not contribute to one 's ideas of right and wrong ; certainly the awakened alarm over the comic books and the continuous concern over prurient literature indicate some peripheral aspects of this influence . 
	 4.Example sentence: The record of past earnings and prospects for the future must indicate it has the ability to repay the loan out of current and anticipated income . 

Frequency of Synset('indicate.v.05'): 18  (suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine)
	 1.Example sentence: Solutions frequently suggest themselves when you accurately pinpoint your problems , whether they be in the market , in marketing methods or in marketing management . 
	 2.Example sentence: When these had been pocketed , we could still spend a morning cracking open other pebbles for our delight in seeing how much prettier they were inside than their dull exteriors indicated . 
	 3.Example sentence: This suggests that the sampling period , particularly at the more distant locations , should have been increased . 
	 4.Example sentence: Alphonse R . Hoge 's measurements of several very young specimens from Brazil suggest that at birth the female is slightly larger than the male . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('direction.n.01.way')
Frequency of Synset('manner.n.01'): 231  (how something is done or how it happens)
	 1.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 
	 2.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 3.Example sentence: For all her domineering ways , I can n't conceive of her having had a deadly enemy '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves . 

Frequency of Synset('means.n.01'): 105  (how a result is obtained or an end is achieved)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . 
	 3.Example sentence: Such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer . 
	 4.Example sentence: In March , 1961 , representatives of the national laboratories of Australia , Canada , The Netherlands , United Kingdom , U. S. S. R. , United States , and West Germany , met at the NBS to devise means for reaching international agreement on a temperature scale between 10 and 90 * * f . 

Frequency of Synset('direction.n.01'): 39  (a line leading to a place or point)
	 1.Example sentence: Probably around midnight , give or take an hour either way '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hitching his cartridge belt around , Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side . 
	 4.Example sentence: All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder . 

Frequency of Synset('way.n.04'): 20  (the condition of things generally)
	 1.Example sentence: Excellent in their way , they lack the wide appeal of The Charles Men , and need not detain us here . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I tell you , you want to leave it that way , I do n't fool around with it . 
	 3.Example sentence: You think : `` Did he feel that way about me '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: It comes to you that probably he did feel that way to let you use him like you did when you could n't have Gratt Shafer ; that he must have since he was there like the radio for you to turn on or snap off when you got tired of him , that other guy . 

Frequency of Synset('way.n.05'): 28  (a course of conduct)
	 1.Example sentence: I followed a shrubbery lined gravel path alongside the house to the pool . 
	 2.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We were brought up that way '' was one statement which won general assent . 
	 4.Example sentence: The early works were conceived for a sophisticated , international audience ; the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens . 

Frequency of Synset('room.n.02'): 17  (space for movement)
	 1.Example sentence: The valley was only a few hundred yards wide with just about room enough for a properly performed hundred-and-eighty degree turn . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was not enough room to make the usual vertical bomb run . 
	 3.Example sentence: It gives them room to play and plenty of fresh air . 
	 4.Example sentence: These areas by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('problem.n.01.problem')
Frequency of Synset('problem.n.01'): 145  (a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Not your problem , of course , unless Johnston and the murderer are one and the same '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 
	 3.Example sentence: Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . 
	 4.Example sentence: Not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as undersea warfare , where the surveillance , sending , transmitting , and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the bottlenecks . 

Frequency of Synset('problem.n.02'): 38  (a question raised for consideration or solution)
	 1.Example sentence: The design of orthographies has received much less attention from linguists than the problem deserves . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the process , he develops some very significant observations about problems of a sort that are often difficult . 
	 3.Example sentence: One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : 
	 4.Example sentence: But it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology . 

Frequency of Synset('trouble.n.01'): 35  (a source of difficulty)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two martinis for lunch - that was the trouble . 
	 3.Example sentence: The trouble here is that it 's almost too easy to take the high moral ground when it does n't cost you anything . 
	 4.Example sentence: The only trouble was that he himself was tied up on the school job . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hash_out.v.01.discuss')
Frequency of Synset('discourse.v.01'): 55  (to consider or examine in speech or writing)
	 1.Example sentence: On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as undersea warfare , where the surveillance , sending , transmitting , and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the bottlenecks . 
	 3.Example sentence: Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great , we will merely discuss it . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Are your people still alive '' ? he asked , trying to touch a part of her life Alberto had n't discussed ; so he could have something of her for himself . 

Frequency of Synset('hash_out.v.01'): 28  (speak with others about (something); talk (something) over in detail; have a discussion)
	 1.Example sentence: They discussed this possibility . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two weeks , a month , we talk it over again , and maybe if nothing happens meanwhile to say the cops know this and that , then we make a little deal , is n't it '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: One by one , these errors were discussed and one by one he rejected accepting them as errors . 
	 4.Example sentence: Fire District No. 1 discussed its possible purchase in 1945 , but considered it an unwise investment . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('however.r.03.however')
Frequency of Synset('however.r.01'): 205  (despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession))
	 1.Example sentence: Even so , Madden 's dislike of the suave , correct lawyer deepened . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , he made a mental note to look into Garth 's financial background . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , the sovereign was not Hobbes ' absolute monarch but rather the parliamentary sovereign of Austin . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , he continued experimenting and lecturing , publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals . 

Frequency of Synset('however.r.02'): 17  (by contrast; on the other hand)
	 1.Example sentence: His purpose , however , was not to establish an empire , but to assert the principle of divine justice . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , religious interest seems to exist in all parts of the metropolis ; congregational membership , however , is another thing . 
	 4.Example sentence: On the morning of Stanley 's return , however , her strength left her . 

Frequency of Synset('however.r.03'): 11  (to whatever degree or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: However likely it was , Pauling said , he could n't limit himself to it . 
	 2.Example sentence: The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' ( as James 's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries ) `` however bad I may be , you 're not quite the people to say it '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Artistic mimesis under Christian influence records the involvement of all persons , however humble , in a divine drama . 
	 4.Example sentence: From maturity one looks back at the succession of years , counts them and makes them many , yet cannot feel length in the number , however large . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('probable.a.01.likely')
Frequency of Synset('likely.a.01'): 56  (has a good chance of being the case or of coming about)
	 1.Example sentence: Debate is not likely to resolve the tensions and make the lot of the stepchild a happier one . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Jewish working girl almost invariably works in an office - in contradistinction to gentile factory workers - and , buttressed by a respectable income , she is likely to dress better and live more expansively than the college student . 
	 3.Example sentence: And acculturation into the world at large is likely to occur for the Brooklyn College student after college rather than during the four school years . 
	 4.Example sentence: Among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light diatomic hydrides OH and CH ; somewhat less likely sources are the heavier hydrides SH , SiH , and ScH . 

Frequency of Synset('probable.a.01'): 14  (likely but not certain to be or become true or real)
	 1.Example sentence: However likely it was , Pauling said , he could n't limit himself to it . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable by-product of murder , led to Garth 's door . 
	 3.Example sentence: At this date , it seems probable that the name of Serge Prokofieff will appear in the archives of History , as an effective Traditionalist , who was fully aware of the lure and danger of experimentation , and used it as it served his purpose ; yet was never caught up in it - never a slave to its academic dialectics . 
	 4.Example sentence: Competitors came to receive higher percentage of General Motors business in later years , but it is `` likely '' that this trend stemmed `` at least in part '' from the needs of General Motors outstripping du Pont 's capacity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('evidence.n.01.evidence')
Frequency of Synset('evidence.n.01'): 60  (your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hence , the only defensible procedure is to repress any and every notion , unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was no evidence that anything was different than it had been . 

Frequency of Synset('evidence.n.02'): 22  (an indication that makes something evident)
	 1.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 2.Example sentence: Now Pathet Lao propagandists were reported marching him barefoot from village to village , as evidence of evil American intervention . 
	 3.Example sentence: Subject to the limitations of this Act , the Secretary shall make stabilization payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly mined ores , or concentrates produced therefrom , as provided in this Act . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was no evidence that anything was different than it had been . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('indicate.v.02.point')
Frequency of Synset('indicate.v.02'): 103  (indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Bo ^ o ^ k indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . 
	 3.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . 

Frequency of Synset('steer.v.01'): 26  (direct the course; determine the direction of travelling)
	 1.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson pointed the Discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called Hudson Bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific . 
	 3.Example sentence: Finally , as time began to run out , he headed into Ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies . 
	 4.Example sentence: There remained only the delicate task of maneuvering the laws through the labyrinth of Palace politics and making a small number of policy decisions . 

Frequency of Synset('bespeak.v.01'): 73  (be a signal for or a symptom of)
	 1.Example sentence: The secretary 's tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a concession for which Madden should be duly grateful . 
	 2.Example sentence: He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . 
	 3.Example sentence: She could not resist the opportunity `` of showing her superiority in argument over a man '' which she had remarked as one of the `` feminine follies '' of Sara Sullam ; and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception - he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College - until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive . 

Frequency of Synset('target.v.01'): 18  (intend (something) to move towards a certain goal)
	 1.Example sentence: Moreover , the hearing officer 's report is but intradepartmental , is directed to the Attorney General and , of course , is not the recommendation of the Department . 
	 2.Example sentence: But it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology . 
	 3.Example sentence: But , in general , we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other . 
	 4.Example sentence: In June 1845 , the Governor and Council of Assiniboia imposed a 20 per cent duty on imports via Hudson's Bay which were viewed as aimed at the `` very vitals of the Company 's trade and power '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('come.v.04.come')
Frequency of Synset('come.v.01'): 202  (move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach something or somebody)
	 1.Example sentence: The great , crushing ice masses coming into view made him sound like the voice of pure reason . 
	 2.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now a distinguished old man called on nine divinities to come and join us . 
	 4.Example sentence: Leaving the card room , they moved back through the Palace the way they had come . 

Frequency of Synset('arrive.v.01'): 302  (reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress)
	 1.Example sentence: We got to one house where there were five secessionist they brok + run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them . 
	 2.Example sentence: The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office . 

Frequency of Synset('come.v.03'): 130  (come to pass; arrive, as in due course)
	 1.Example sentence: He skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park , Medfield Hospital , the civic center , the Public Health Nursing Association , the library , and so on , pausing when he came to the scholarship fund . 
	 2.Example sentence: Before the airplanes came , he said , travel in Laos was just about impossible . 
	 3.Example sentence: Two minutes later it came again - a double explosion , followed by a third , sounding more distant . 
	 4.Example sentence: Will his words come to be treasured and quoted through the years ? 

Frequency of Synset('come.v.04'): 41  (reach or enter a state, relation, condition, use, or position)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` This one came a bit high at thirty thousand or more '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: We rode over roads so rough that our Jeep came to rest atop the soil between ruts , all four wheels spinning uselessly . 
	 4.Example sentence: Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . 

Frequency of Synset('come.v.05'): 38  (to be the product or result)
	 1.Example sentence: The Leopard 's Spots came from the pen of Thomas Dixon in 1902 , and in this he announced an `` unchangeable '' law . 
	 2.Example sentence: For he has the pride that comes of self acceptance and the humility , perhaps of the same genesis , not to impose himself upon another . 
	 3.Example sentence: Much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states . 
	 4.Example sentence: - The deterrent power of our Armed Forces comes from both their nuclear retaliatory capability and their capability to conduct other essential operations in any form of war . 

Frequency of Synset('come.v.06'): 11  (be found or available)
	 1.Example sentence: Pistol whipping an unarmed man might come easy to someone like Jess , but Curt could n't bring himself to do it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Primary feelings of the world come neither as a collection of clearly known objects ( houses , trees , implements , etc . ) nor a collection of isolated and neutral sensory qualities . 
	 3.Example sentence: They come in crisp basket weaves in natural honey hues , along with lacy open weaves with a lustre finish in natural , white , black and a whole range of colors . 
	 4.Example sentence: All panel board comes in standard * * f foot size . 

Frequency of Synset('total.v.01'): 27  (add up in number or quantity)
	 1.Example sentence: In six years , U. S. aid had amounted to more than $ 1.60 for each American - a total of three hundred million dollars . 
	 2.Example sentence: New obligational authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement ( excluding amounts for related research and construction ) totals $ 4753 million , which is $ 1390 million below that enacted for 1960 . 
	 3.Example sentence: By October the little colony about Fort Douglas ( present-day Winnipeg ) numbered 100 . 
	 4.Example sentence: Seven million families would total 30 million Americans or more . 

Frequency of Synset('occur.v.02'): 16  (come to one's mind; suggest itself)
	 1.Example sentence: Under her father 's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience . 
	 2.Example sentence: It occurred to Bill Weigand that he was , on a hunch basis , eliminating a good many . 
	 3.Example sentence: After a time , it occurred to her that her thoughts were not worth the trouble . 
	 4.Example sentence: It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years , in the hope of clearing up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign policy is all about and what it means , and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government . 

Frequency of Synset('do.v.04'): 55  (proceed or get along)
	 1.Example sentence: It is significant , too , that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . 
	 2.Example sentence: The consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College outnumber the boys and do somewhat better academically . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nor can anyone be certain that Prokofieff would have done better , or even as well , under different circumstances . 
	 4.Example sentence: His fellow countryman , Igor Stravinsky , certainly did not . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('light.n.12.light')
Frequency of Synset('light.n.01'): 35  ((physics) electromagnetic radiation that can produce a visual sensation)
	 1.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 2.Example sentence: The fast opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately * * f ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . 
	 3.Example sentence: During the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line , thus allowing light to pass into the camera . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then the darkness thinned , and there was light again , and then bright sunlight . 

Frequency of Synset('light.n.02'): 23  (any device serving as a source of illumination)
	 1.Example sentence: Then the lights went out . 
	 2.Example sentence: Lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds . 
	 3.Example sentence: Before you use ' em the light company 's got to run in a heavy line and you 'll need a new fuse box for the extra circuits . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was a light in Black 's front room , but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior . 

Frequency of Synset('light.n.03'): 12  (a particular perspective or aspect of a situation)
	 1.Example sentence: He was not prosecuted , however , and his case was subsequently reopened , in the light of Sicurella v. United States , 348 U. S. 385 ( 1955 ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 
	 3.Example sentence: The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . 
	 4.Example sentence: In truth , we can say that this broke the power of Senator Joseph McCarthy , who was finally exposed in full light to the American people . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('depository_financial_institution.n.01.bank')
Frequency of Synset('bank.n.01'): 14  (sloping land (especially the slope beside a body of water))
	 1.Example sentence: Through the splash of the rising waters , they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon , gnashing big chunks out of the banks . 
	 2.Example sentence: The next step was construction by the Manchester Light and Power Company of a plant on the west bank of the Battenkill south of Union Street bridge . 
	 3.Example sentence: He improvised as he went along , completing a life-size clay figure , then bought yards of an inexpensive material from a draper , wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that Argiento brought from the bank of the Tiber , to the consistency of thick mud . 
	 4.Example sentence: Over on the bank , the west bank , a man stood , calling to him . 

Frequency of Synset('depository_financial_institution.n.01'): 20  (a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the money into lending activities)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden , with his investigation centered on the fraud , said that tomorrow he would go to the Bronx bank through which Mrs. Meeker 's checks to Johnston had cleared . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 3.Example sentence: She 'd be smart about it , get him to give it to her in little bills so 's nobody would suspect - maybe could n't get it until Monday account of that , the banks - But that was n't really long to wait . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Just as soon as I go to the bank , and '' - 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('clear.v.07.clear')
Frequency of Synset('unclutter.v.01'): 12  (rid of obstructions)
	 1.Example sentence: It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; it did not even provide the architect 's plan for anything new . 
	 2.Example sentence: He cleared his throat and wet his lips . 
	 3.Example sentence: When he turned into the highway that led to the outskirts of the city and then rose toward home , he had to pull over to the curb and wait for a few minutes , sucking in air and squinting and blinking his eyes to clear them of tears . 
	 4.Example sentence: Gun cleared his throat . 

Frequency of Synset('authorize.v.01'): 34  (grant authorization or clearance for)
	 1.Example sentence: All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 3.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering - 
	 4.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act . 

Frequency of Synset('gain.v.08'): 36  (earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages)
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; he found money much more interesting ; but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living - and paid for his own stuff - and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill . 
	 2.Example sentence: He conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the Sicilians , but he had his huge North Side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money . 
	 3.Example sentence: In deciding how much land you want , take into account the amount you 'll need to bring in the income you expect . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the United States . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('locate.v.01.locate')
Frequency of Synset('locate.v.01'): 16  (discover the location of; determine the place of; find by searching or examining)
	 1.Example sentence: Arthur Williams had to be located , they agreed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Suddenly it seemed to him insane that they might hope to locate Gyp Carmer so casually , even were he to prove the thief . 
	 3.Example sentence: A refuse bin at the Dumont turned up a florist 's box - a very long box for very long stemmed flowers . 
	 4.Example sentence: Radiation instruments suitable for home use are available , and would be of value in locating that portion of the home which offers the best protection against fallout radiation . 

Frequency of Synset('situate.v.01'): 15  (determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey)
	 1.Example sentence: Curt circled the house and located a barn out back . 
	 2.Example sentence: To round out the blockading force , submarines would be needed - to locate , identify and track approaching vessels . 
	 3.Example sentence: For example , the marked susceptibility of the monkey to respiratory infection might be related to its delicate , long alveolar ducts and short , large bronchioles situated within a parenchyma entirely lacking in protective supportive tissue barriers such as those found in types 1 , and 3 , . 
	 4.Example sentence: The underlying assumption , of course , is that only sight and touch enable us , in any precise and fully dependable way , to locate objects in space beyond us , the other senses being decidedly inferior , if not totally inadequate , in this regard . 

Frequency of Synset('settle.v.04'): 11  (take up residence and become established)
	 1.Example sentence: Thomas Douglas , fifth Earl of Selkirk , a noble humanitarian Scot concerned with the plight of the crofters of his native Highlands , conceived a plan to settle them in the valley of the Red River of the North . 
	 2.Example sentence: The grant , which stretched southward to Lake Traverse - the headwaters of the Red - was made in May , 1811 , and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay . 
	 3.Example sentence: Seven hundred miles south of York Factory , at `` the Forks '' of the Red and the Assiniboine , twenty-three men located a settlement in August 1812 . 
	 4.Example sentence: The latter , members of two regiments of Swiss mercenaries transported by Great Britain to Canada to fight the Americans in the War of 1812 , had settled in Montreal and Kingston at the close of the war in 1815 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('agree.v.01.agree')
Frequency of Synset('agree.v.01'): 67  (be in accord; be in agreement)
	 1.Example sentence: Arthur Williams had to be located , they agreed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Keo agreed . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I could n't agree with you more '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The appeal board , however , unanimously concurred in the Department 's recommendation . 

Frequency of Synset('agree.v.02'): 25  (consent or assent to a condition, or agree to do something)
	 1.Example sentence: He no longer sought to find the law ; he made it ; he could be subjected to law only because he agreed to be . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Blatz agreed that this would be pretty . 
	 3.Example sentence: Three agreed , but four declined and were suspended . 
	 4.Example sentence: He agreed ! 

Frequency of Synset('match.v.01'): 33  (be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , 1745 corresponded to the invention of the `` Leiden '' jar by Kleist , 1764 that of the electrophorus by Wilcke , 1782 produced the condenser of Volta , and 1801 the voltaic pile . 
	 2.Example sentence: The voice is light in timbre , with a rough edge that corresponds to his visage . 
	 3.Example sentence: His second conclusion , on semantic word classes , agrees with mine . 
	 4.Example sentence: Its terms will tend to be labile or vague , and they will fit actual languages more and more badly . 

Frequency of Synset('harmonize.v.01'): 21  (go together)
	 1.Example sentence: This accords with the study by Maier and Spinrad . 
	 2.Example sentence: When Deegan smiled his eyes never fit in with his lips . 
	 3.Example sentence: The values agree with the data from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta . 
	 4.Example sentence: The analyst is apt to be too honest to fit in . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('function.n.03.part')
Frequency of Synset('part.n.01'): 135  (something determined in relation to something that includes it)
	 1.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: A man has 32 souls , one for each part of the body . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board . 

Frequency of Synset('part.n.02'): 27  (something less than the whole of a human artifact)
	 1.Example sentence: A high-speed shutter has been developed in order to permit photographic observation of any portion of the electrical wire explosion . 
	 2.Example sentence: The shutter consists of two parts : a fast opening part and a fast closing part . 
	 3.Example sentence: The shutter consists of two parts : a fast opening part and a fast closing part . 
	 4.Example sentence: The shutter consists of two parts : a fast opening part and a fast closing part . 

Frequency of Synset('part.n.03'): 26  (a portion of a natural object)
	 1.Example sentence: Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as `` Nameless and Immortal '' , which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most of the letters were written in the hubbub of camp , on stumps , pieces of bark , drum heads , or the knee . 
	 3.Example sentence: I suppose you do n't know anything about a piece of two-by-four , either ; one with blood all over it , Arbuckle 's blood '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The spokes were tight again , the iron tires gripped onto the wheels as if of one piece . 

Frequency of Synset('part.n.04'): 16  (that which concerns a person with regard to a particular role or situation)
	 1.Example sentence: The bartender measured this situation with heavy eyes and decided he wanted no part of it . 
	 2.Example sentence: There has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance . 
	 3.Example sentence: The reason is that there is a lack of interest on the part of the community . 
	 4.Example sentence: Furthermore , there is a cautious conservatism on the part of those making local skill surveys . 

Frequency of Synset('region.n.01'): 72  (the extended spatial location of something)
	 1.Example sentence: It is a lonely , rather desolate region , but full of legendary and historic associations . 
	 2.Example sentence: He was born in the small Danish town of Rudkoebing on the island of Langeland in the south central part of Denmark on August 14 , 1777 . 
	 3.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: In general , religious interest seems to exist in all parts of the metropolis ; congregational membership , however , is another thing . 

Frequency of Synset('function.n.03'): 57  (the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group)
	 1.Example sentence: He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; he might be Mrs. Meeker 's murderer or have played some part in her death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . 
	 3.Example sentence: This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches . 
	 4.Example sentence: An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity . 

Frequency of Synset('character.n.04'): 29  (an actor's portrayal of someone in a play)
	 1.Example sentence: He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters , of common folk even more than of major figures . 
	 3.Example sentence: Her impact in the ZING commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series , Underwater Western Eye , a documentary type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits . 
	 4.Example sentence: But if Joyce got involved in murder or salacious scandal , the role would probably go to the sponsor 's wife , Mrs. Oatnut Grits . 

Frequency of Synset('share.n.01'): 44  (assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you publicized the cents per hour value of the company 's share of insurance premiums ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . 
	 4.Example sentence: Lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of New Englanders engaged in the slave trade . 

Frequency of Synset('part.n.09'): 14  (one of the portions into which something is regarded as divided and which together constitute a whole)
	 1.Example sentence: Within a few years various du Pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of General Motors ' eight operating divisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Fisher Body division , long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock , followed an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its purchases from du Pont `` compared favorably '' with purchases by other General Motors divisions . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Fisher Body division , long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock , followed an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its purchases from du Pont `` compared favorably '' with purchases by other General Motors divisions . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , the dictionary is divided into at least two parts : 

Frequency of Synset('contribution.n.01'): 15  (the part played by a person in bringing about a result)
	 1.Example sentence: As a restatement it makes only a small contribution to knowledge of Igbo . 
	 2.Example sentence: the relative contribution to safety of inspection programs embodying - 
	 3.Example sentence: In I have things to do the word things makes little real contribution to meaning and has weaker stress than do . 
	 4.Example sentence: If work is substituted for things ( with more exact contribution to meaning ) , it will have dominant stress . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('suggestion.n.01.suggestion')
Frequency of Synset('suggestion.n.01'): 12  (an idea that is suggested)
	 1.Example sentence: This was Madden 's suggestion ; the police chief shook his head over it . 
	 2.Example sentence: They will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded . 
	 4.Example sentence: I hope his suggestions are given the consideration they deserve in Kikuyu circles . 

Frequency of Synset('suggestion.n.02'): 11  (a proposal offered for acceptance or rejection)
	 1.Example sentence: In of all the suggestions that were made , his was the silliest the possessive his represents his suggestion and is stressed . 
	 2.Example sentence: In of all the suggestions that were made , his was the silliest the possessive his represents his suggestion and is stressed . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Government , deeming these suggestions inadequate , had urged that any judgment include divestiture of du Pont 's shares of General Motors . 
	 4.Example sentence: With this enlarged role in mind , I should like to make a few suggestions : What we in the United States do or do not do will make a very large difference in what happens in the rest of the world . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('shake.v.01.shake')
Frequency of Synset('shake.v.01'): 34  (move or cause to move back and forth)
	 1.Example sentence: This was Madden 's suggestion ; the police chief shook his head over it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thayer shook his head . 
	 3.Example sentence: I shook my head . 
	 4.Example sentence: Bill shook his head . 

Frequency of Synset('shake.v.02'): 13  (move with or as if with a tremor)
	 1.Example sentence: The building shook , setting the lantern to swaying , and the buckskin to pitching again . 
	 2.Example sentence: They 've worried , they 've lain awake nights , they 've shook at the slightest footstep , they 've pictured their own destruction , and now it 's all over and they can give up . 
	 3.Example sentence: His hands shook . 
	 4.Example sentence: Her voice shook with feeling , and he thought it lovely . 

Frequency of Synset('rock.v.01'): 15  (move back and forth or sideways)
	 1.Example sentence: The building shook , setting the lantern to swaying , and the buckskin to pitching again . 
	 2.Example sentence: The six ton Conestoga began to whip and shake . 
	 3.Example sentence: He rocked back in the chair , knee locked against stomach , his beady eyes fixed on Matson . 
	 4.Example sentence: Killpath leaned forward again , rocked comfortably with his arms still wrapped around one knee . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('head.n.01.head')
Frequency of Synset('head.n.01'): 140  (the upper part of the human body or the front part of the body in animals; contains the face and brains)
	 1.Example sentence: This was Madden 's suggestion ; the police chief shook his head over it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thayer shook his head . 
	 3.Example sentence: Instead of quelling the dissension , as many captains of the era would have done ( Sir Francis Drake lopped a man 's head off under similar circumstances ) , Hudson decided to be reasonable . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sometimes soldiers wrote letters while bullets were whizzing about their heads . 

Frequency of Synset('head.n.02'): 21  (a single domestic animal)
	 1.Example sentence: Hercules L. Dousman , fur trader and merchant at Prairie du Chien , contracted to supply Selkirk 's people with some 300 head of cattle , and Alexis Bailly and Francois Labothe were hired as drovers . 
	 2.Example sentence: To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 75 milligrams per head in daily supplement . 
	 3.Example sentence: To reduce incidence of liver abscesses , supply 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline activity per head daily . 
	 4.Example sentence: For the prevention or treatment of the early stages of shipping fever complex , increase feeding level to 0.5 to 2 grams per head per day . 

Frequency of Synset('mind.n.01'): 97  (that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I looked unceasingly With my cold mind and with my burning heart '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host 's fertile but disorganized mind . 
	 4.Example sentence: They give strict interpretation to William James ' statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . 

Frequency of Synset('question.n.02'): 45  (the subject matter at issue)
	 1.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 
	 2.Example sentence: We granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: A crucial question , therefore , is what evangelism and mission actually mean in metropolitan Protestantism . 
	 4.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('interrogate.v.02.question')
Frequency of Synset('question.v.01'): 15  (challenge the accuracy, probity, or propriety of)
	 1.Example sentence: Whitehead is here questioning David Hume 's understanding of the nature of experience ; he is questioning , also , every epistemology which stems from Hume 's presupposition that experience is merely sense data in abstraction from causal efficacy , and that causal efficacy is something intellectually imputed to the world , not directly perceived . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whitehead is here questioning David Hume 's understanding of the nature of experience ; he is questioning , also , every epistemology which stems from Hume 's presupposition that experience is merely sense data in abstraction from causal efficacy , and that causal efficacy is something intellectually imputed to the world , not directly perceived . 
	 3.Example sentence: They have indicated the direction but they have not been explicit enough , I believe , in pointing out Faulkner 's independence , his questioning if not indeed challenging the Southern tradition . 
	 4.Example sentence: Family survival on our own Western frontier , for example , could quite literally depend on a man 's strength and ability to bring home the bacon ; and the dependent wife seldom questioned his judgment about anything , including the marriage bed . 

Frequency of Synset('interrogate.v.02'): 12  (pose a series of questions to)
	 1.Example sentence: No one the Medfield police had questioned professed to know any more about him than about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 
	 3.Example sentence: But I 'm not one damned bit sorry I went out to question the people I know in the places they hang around , and '' - 
	 4.Example sentence: While she was thus engaged , McFeeley questioned her about her whereabouts the previous day , any recollections she had of people hanging around , of overcurious delivery boys or repairmen , of strange cars cruising the neighborhood . 

Frequency of Synset('interview.v.01'): 11  (conduct an interview in television, newspaper, and radio reporting)
	 1.Example sentence: Nevertheless , most of the teen-agers I interviewed believed in maintaining their Jewish identity and even envisioned joining a synagogue or temple . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most of the teen-agers I interviewed rejected it on pragmatic grounds . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is significant , too , that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . 
	 4.Example sentence: Similarly , when a reporter once questioned Lincoln in cryptic fashion , Lincoln refused to make any further statement . 

Frequency of Synset('wonder.v.02'): 37  (place in doubt or express doubtful speculation)
	 1.Example sentence: If he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested , he had his answer a moment later . 
	 2.Example sentence: Do n't you worry , chief '' , Greg replied , wondering if he himself believed it . 
	 3.Example sentence: He possessed the fighter pilot 's horror of bad weather and instrument flying , and he wondered , if the ceiling did drop , whether he and the other flights would be able to find their way back in this unfamiliar territory . 
	 4.Example sentence: And the bed that sagged in a certain place where all the weight had been put too many times before and the walls fine and thin for overhearing talk in the next room when Gratt went out for ice , the sound coming through the walls like something on the other side of the curtain , so you knew they heard you when they were quiet and while you lay wondering what they had heard you listened . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('more.a.02.more')
Frequency of Synset('more.a.01'): 131  ((comparative of `much' used with mass nouns) a quantifier meaning greater in size or amount or extent or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 
	 2.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 
	 3.Example sentence: Law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms . 
	 4.Example sentence: All his people ask for is no more war . 

Frequency of Synset('more.a.02'): 65  ((comparative of `many' used with count nouns) quantifier meaning greater in number)
	 1.Example sentence: No one the Medfield police had questioned professed to know any more about him than about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 3.Example sentence: But that did not prevent him from writing more long letters , or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable , lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` We won n't live long enough if I wait for you , besides which you do n't need to worry - there 'll be plenty more '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mail.v.02.send')
Frequency of Synset('send.v.01'): 77  (cause to go somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1607 and 1608 , the English Muscovy Company had sent him northward to look for a route over the North Pole or across the top of Russia . 
	 2.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the late 1700 's Beccaria and van Marum , among others , had magnetized iron by sending an electrostatic charge through it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Beccaria had almost stumbled on a lead to the relationship between electricity and magnetism when a discharge from a Leyden jar was sent transversally through a piece of watch spring steel making its ends magnetic . 

Frequency of Synset('send.v.02'): 19  (to cause or order to be taken, directed, or transmitted to another place)
	 1.Example sentence: Great stress is placed on the role that the monitoring of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the network . 
	 2.Example sentence: By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . 
	 3.Example sentence: The information is furnished by each of the guests , is sent by oral broadcasting over the air waves , and is received by the ears . 
	 4.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 

Frequency of Synset('mail.v.02'): 19  (cause to be directed or transmitted to another place)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 2.Example sentence: This included Mamma , jolly , generous , and pretty , with whom they all fell in love , just as Papa had first fallen in love with her Mamma before he chose her ; and when a young man like Morris Jastrow had enjoyed the Szold hospitality , he felt obliged to send his respects and his gifts not merely to Henrietta , in whom he was really interested , but to all the Szold girls and Mamma . 
	 3.Example sentence: If you file Form 1040 A and the District Director computes your tax , you will be sent a bill if additional tax is due . 
	 4.Example sentence: Send your return to the Director of Internal Revenue for the district in which you have your legal residence or principal place of business . 

Frequency of Synset('transport.v.04'): 20  (transport commercially)
	 1.Example sentence: These thermometers have now been sent to the United Kingdom for calibration at the National Physical Laboratory . 
	 2.Example sentence: Still existing on a `` Northern Union '' telegraph form is a typical peremptory message from Peru grocer J. J. Hapgood to Burton and Graves ' store in Manchester - `` Get and send by stage sure four pounds best Porterhouse or sirloin steak , for Mrs. Hapgood send six sweet oranges '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still existing on a `` Northern Union '' telegraph form is a typical peremptory message from Peru grocer J. J. Hapgood to Burton and Graves ' store in Manchester - `` Get and send by stage sure four pounds best Porterhouse or sirloin steak , for Mrs. Hapgood send six sweet oranges '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: A tale of a plan to ship all Jews to the island of Madagascar . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('directly.r.01.directly')
Frequency of Synset('directly.r.01'): 34  (without deviation)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the first restaurant he sensibly pulled up to go in for his dinner , and as a consequence did not see Cobb strike the open range at the mouth of the canyon and head straight across the swells for Antler . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is particularly acute for those who attended Midwood High School directly across the street from Brooklyn College . 

Frequency of Synset('directly.r.02'): 13  (without anyone or anything intervening)
	 1.Example sentence: A point like p gets information directly from n , but all information beyond n is indirectly relayed through n . 
	 2.Example sentence: These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top , six directly under him , six under each of these , and so on until there are six levels of personnel . 
	 3.Example sentence: Actually , none of these papers says much directly about field techniques . 
	 4.Example sentence: Whitehead is here questioning David Hume 's understanding of the nature of experience ; he is questioning , also , every epistemology which stems from Hume 's presupposition that experience is merely sense data in abstraction from causal efficacy , and that causal efficacy is something intellectually imputed to the world , not directly perceived . 

Frequency of Synset('immediately.r.01'): 49  (without delay or hesitation; with no time intervening)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The date , October 8 , 1957 , immediately caught the inspector 's eye . 
	 3.Example sentence: For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . 
	 4.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 

Frequency of Synset('directly.r.04'): 12  (in a forthright manner; candidly or frankly)
	 1.Example sentence: Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then I replied , coldly , `` If you despise me , why do n't you say so , directly '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his condescending , `` You 're welcome '' , was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor , over these months , on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note , each time , that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor suffered again on the morrow . 
	 4.Example sentence: Steinberg seems to have gone directly back to the score , discounting tradition , and has built his performance on the intention to reproduce as faithfully as possible exactly what Brahms set down on paper . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('ask.v.02.ask')
Frequency of Synset('ask.v.01'): 243  (inquire about)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund . 
	 2.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ask Mr. Keo '' . 

Frequency of Synset('ask.v.02'): 162  (make a request or demand for something to somebody)
	 1.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 2.Example sentence: He asked to see a copy of Mrs. Meeker 's will . 
	 3.Example sentence: All his people ask for is no more war . 
	 4.Example sentence: Joyce went on , `` When we 'd finished , Lou - Mr. Thor - asked me to stay a little longer . 

Frequency of Synset('ask.v.03'): 16  (direct or put; seek an answer to)
	 1.Example sentence: From Go ^ ttingen ( 1801 ) where he stayed for 10 days , he wrote , `` The first question asked everywhere is about galvanism . 
	 2.Example sentence: But everyone I met had sought cover first and asked questions later . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Gyp Carmer could n't have known about Colcord 's money unless he was told - and who else would have told him '' ? he asked himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way ? 

Frequency of Synset('ask.v.04'): 48  (consider obligatory; request and expect)
	 1.Example sentence: It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , in addition , required kosher food . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: Killpath said , `` You were expected to report to my office twenty minutes ago , Sergeant . 
	 4.Example sentence: During the decade that followed , the common man , as that piece put it , grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled from behind Saint Woodrow ( Wilson ) only to learn from Science , to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow - that there was a chemical formula for him , and that too much could n't be expected of him . 

Frequency of Synset('necessitate.v.01'): 320  (require as useful, just, or proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('secretary.n.02.secretary')
Frequency of Synset('secretary.n.01'): 14  (a person who is head of an administrative department of government)
	 1.Example sentence: I have requested the Secretary of Defense to reexamine the roles and missions of the reserve components in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare . 
	 2.Example sentence: Accordingly , if it is not repealed by the Congress at its present session , I shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the Secretary of Defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise . 
	 3.Example sentence: The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the Secretary or the President , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference , a speech by a Senator or Congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad , et cetera , ad infinitum . 
	 4.Example sentence: The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the Secretary or the President , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference , a speech by a Senator or Congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad , et cetera , ad infinitum . 

Frequency of Synset('secretary.n.02'): 14  (an assistant who handles correspondence and clerical work for a boss or an organization)
	 1.Example sentence: The secretary 's tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a concession for which Madden should be duly grateful . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Gilborn 's secretary ? 
	 3.Example sentence: The officers were John Marsden , president ; John C. Blackmer , vice-president ; George Smith , treasurer ; and William F. Orvis , secretary . 
	 4.Example sentence: A conscientious girl became the secretary of a doctor . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('tone.n.01.tone')
Frequency of Synset('tone.n.01'): 13  (the quality of a person's voice)
	 1.Example sentence: The secretary 's tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a concession for which Madden should be duly grateful . 
	 2.Example sentence: It 's like a flame , I guess '' , she said in a dreamy tone . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Moriarty '' , my driver suddenly exclaimed with something so definite , so final in his tone I once more repeated the absurdity , mustering all my latent powers of hypocrisy to sound convinced . 
	 4.Example sentence: Spencer 's potential followers were openly sullen and morose , missing muster without excuse , expressing in ominous tones their displeasure at the prisoners being kept in irons , communicating with the three by glance and signal . 

Frequency of Synset('tone.n.02'): 22  ((linguistics) a pitch or change in pitch of the voice that serves to distinguish words in tonal languages)
	 1.Example sentence: This limited familiarity with the possible phenomena has severely hampered work with tone . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tone analysis will continue to be difficult and unsatisfactory until a more representative selection of systems is familar to every practicing field linguist . 
	 3.Example sentence: The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter . 
	 4.Example sentence: The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter . 

Frequency of Synset('timbre.n.01'): 17  ((music) the distinctive property of a complex sound (a voice or noise or musical sound))
	 1.Example sentence: For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . 
	 2.Example sentence: This limited familiarity with the possible phenomena has severely hampered work with tone . 
	 3.Example sentence: The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter . 
	 4.Example sentence: The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter . 

Frequency of Synset('spirit.n.02'): 63  (the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people)
	 1.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` folksy spirit '' of Protestant religious life ; in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('short.a.01.short')
Frequency of Synset('short.a.01'): 36  (primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration)
	 1.Example sentence: The secretary 's tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a concession for which Madden should be duly grateful . 
	 2.Example sentence: This agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals . 
	 3.Example sentence: What appears here is shorter than what he actually said but very close to his own words . 
	 4.Example sentence: The major training need of a new industrial plant is a short period of pre employment training for a large number of semi-skilled machine operators . 

Frequency of Synset('short.a.02'): 17  ((primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length)
	 1.Example sentence: And yet amid all the gay hedonism in Pilgrimage and Wander-Years is a cycle of short poems , '' Thoughts in Loneliness `` , filled with brooding , melancholy , and sombre longing '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Bo ^ o ^ k indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . 
	 3.Example sentence: He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . 
	 4.Example sentence: He walked with a heavy list to the right , as that leg was four inches shorter than the other , but the lurch did not reduce his feline quickness with his guns . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('enter.v.01.enter')
Frequency of Synset('enter.v.01'): 83  (to come or go into)
	 1.Example sentence: Promptly at one-thirty he entered Hohlbein and Garth 's elegant suite of offices in Medfield 's newest professional building . 
	 2.Example sentence: Early in June , the Discovery passed `` Desolation '' ( southern Greenland ) and in mid-June entered the `` Furious Overfall '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: After three weeks ' swift sailing , however , the ship entered an area of shallow marshes and river deltas . 
	 4.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 

Frequency of Synset('enter.v.02'): 23  (become a participant; be involved in)
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 . 
	 3.Example sentence: I make no attempt to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then , abandoning the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned , B. + O. entered on-again-off-again negotiations with C. + O. which resulted in the present situation . 

Frequency of Synset('enroll.v.01'): 29  (register formally as a participant or member)
	 1.Example sentence: Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said `` states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law governed countries . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 3.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: If it were primarily a believing fellowship , it would recruit believers from all social and economic ranks , something which most congregations of the New Protestantism ( with a few notable exceptions ) have not been able to do . 

Frequency of Synset('figure.v.02'): 16  (be or play a part of or in)
	 1.Example sentence: Intangibles entered , then - hunches which felt like facts . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other pairs of phonologic subsystems also interact or overlap in this way ; for example , duration sometimes figures in both the vowel system and the intonation . 
	 3.Example sentence: The foreign entry limit price would be approached more rapidly , since domestic wage rates do not enter foreign costs directly . 
	 4.Example sentence: The fourth and concluding point will be to estimate the long-run significance of the elections and how they figure in the current pattern of internal politics . 

Frequency of Synset('record.v.01'): 41  (make a record of; set down in permanent form)
	 1.Example sentence: Despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; they are priceless even though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page ; they are the most valuable of commodities - and the most salable , for their demand far exceeds supply . 
	 2.Example sentence: There is a legend ( Hawthorne records it in his `` English Notebooks '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Artistic mimesis under Christian influence records the involvement of all persons , however humble , in a divine drama . 
	 4.Example sentence: The interviewers were instructed not to suggest answers and , as much as possible , to record the parents ' actual words as they described the child 's behavior in home situations . 

Frequency of Synset('insert.v.01'): 13  (put or introduce into something)
	 1.Example sentence: The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . 
	 2.Example sentence: The last two writers introduce strong political bias into their works , and not unlike the union leaders that we will discuss soon , see folklore as a reservoir of protest by a downtrodden and publically silenced mass . 
	 3.Example sentence: The anode plug ( Figure 2 ) was inserted into a carbon anode holder . 
	 4.Example sentence: This meant , concretely , that the patient could not read at all without making writing like movements of the head or body , became easily confused by `` hasher marks '' inserted between hand-written words and thus confused the mark for one of the letters , and could recognize a simple straight line or a curved one only by tracing it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('office.n.01.office')
Frequency of Synset('office.n.01'): 62  (place of business where professional or clerical duties are performed)
	 1.Example sentence: Promptly at one-thirty he entered Hohlbein and Garth 's elegant suite of offices in Medfield 's newest professional building . 
	 2.Example sentence: He occupied a two bedroom apartment on the fourth floor , using the second bedroom as his office . 
	 3.Example sentence: He took Madden into the room he used as an office . 
	 4.Example sentence: The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office . 

Frequency of Synset('agency.n.01'): 48  (an administrative unit of government)
	 1.Example sentence: We said there that it was necessary `` that a registrant be given an opportunity to rebut [ the Department 's ] recommendation when it comes to the Appeal Board , the agency with the ultimate responsibility for classification '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; and cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . 
	 3.Example sentence: coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; and cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The fullest cooperation by and with Atomic Energy Commission , the Department of Health Education and Welfare , the Department of State , and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this Act . 

Frequency of Synset('function.n.03'): 57  (the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group)
	 1.Example sentence: He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; he might be Mrs. Meeker 's murderer or have played some part in her death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . 
	 3.Example sentence: This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches . 
	 4.Example sentence: An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity . 

Frequency of Synset('position.n.06'): 20  (a job in an organization)
	 1.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 2.Example sentence: He sat stiff-backed in a chair that did not swivel , though it was obvious to Gun that Killpath felt his position as acting captain plainly merited a swivel chair . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , it determined that neither this factor , nor `` the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly , each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone , including du Pont 's competitors '' , 353 U. S. , at 607 , outweighed the Government 's claim for relief . 
	 4.Example sentence: The wrong man in the wrong position , perhaps even in a junior position abroad , can be a source of great harm to our policy ; the attitudes of a U.N. delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New York City , or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our Capital , can be easily be directed against the United States and all that it stands for . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('professional.a.02.professional')
Frequency of Synset('professional.a.01'): 12  (engaged in a profession or engaging in as a profession or means of livelihood)
	 1.Example sentence: Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Serge Prokofieff whom we knew in the United States of America was gay , witty , mercurial , full of pranks and bonheur - and very capable as a professional musician . 
	 3.Example sentence: But with the exception of professional athletes , few contact sports and physical education activities in our schools have any carryover in the adult life of the average American man or woman . 
	 4.Example sentence: His father , a professional engraver and an amateur landscape painter , took his sons on numerous hunting expeditions , and imparted to them his knowledge and love of nature . 

Frequency of Synset('professional.a.02'): 11  (of or relating to or suitable as a profession)
	 1.Example sentence: Promptly at one-thirty he entered Hohlbein and Garth 's elegant suite of offices in Medfield 's newest professional building . 
	 2.Example sentence: The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university . 
	 3.Example sentence: But in the next decades the nation needs to educate for the professions all the potential professional talent . 
	 4.Example sentence: That a writer who is gay cannot be serious is a common professional illusion , sedulously fostered by all too many academics who mistakenly believe that their frivolous efforts should be taken seriously because they are expressed with that dreary solemnity which is the only mode of expression their authors are capable of . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('building.n.01.building')
Frequency of Synset('building.n.01'): 48  (a structure that has a roof and walls and stands more or less permanently in one place)
	 1.Example sentence: Promptly at one-thirty he entered Hohlbein and Garth 's elegant suite of offices in Medfield 's newest professional building . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was established in a couple of buildings in the shopping district , with only a few professors , but all eminent men , and a few hundred eager students housed in nearby dwellings . 
	 3.Example sentence: The building shook , setting the lantern to swaying , and the buckskin to pitching again . 
	 4.Example sentence: The walk ended , inevitably , right in front of his hotel building . 

Frequency of Synset('construction.n.01'): 28  (the act of constructing something)
	 1.Example sentence: He did n't seem to think that attaching a pegboard to a stone wall was much of a problem and he tossed off the building of the worktable equally lightly . 
	 2.Example sentence: recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; 
	 3.Example sentence: recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; 
	 4.Example sentence: - Approximately 45 % of the expenditures for the Department of Defense are for procurement , research , development , and construction programs . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('well.r.02.well')
Frequency of Synset('well.r.01'): 77  ((often used as a combining form) in a good or proper or satisfactory manner or to a high standard (`good' is a nonstandard dialectal variant for `well'))
	 1.Example sentence: Oersted 's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: Seemingly , with an unrestricted flow of ideas , all will be well , and we are even assured that `` an idea a day will keep the sheriff away '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Grudges simply do not keep that well in a sane mind . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You talk so well , Carla '' , he went on . 

Frequency of Synset('well.r.02'): 30  (thoroughly or completely; fully; often used as a combining form; ; ; ; ; ,)
	 1.Example sentence: He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm . 
	 2.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 3.Example sentence: Jackson runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader . 
	 4.Example sentence: Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in My own Mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' . 

Frequency of Synset('well.r.03'): 16  (indicating high probability; in all likelihood)
	 1.Example sentence: Arthur Williams 's might well have been included , he felt . 
	 2.Example sentence: This we might well witness '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated . 
	 4.Example sentence: In such circumstances , it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an increase in the basic wage rate . 

Frequency of Synset('well.r.07'): 11  (to a great extent or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: Her estate had grown considerably . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is substantially higher than the figures for the American population at large - 45.6 per cent for males and 29.2 per cent for females . 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , however , the timetable of travel lags considerably behind that of the student at Harvard or Smith . 
	 4.Example sentence: The detection and study of such line spectra would add considerably to present information on interstellar gas clouds and , perhaps , planetary atmospheres . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('guess.v.02.guess')
Frequency of Synset('think.v.02'): 228  (expect, believe, or suppose)
	 1.Example sentence: Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 

Frequency of Synset('guess.v.02'): 15  (put forward, of a guess, in spite of possible refutation)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Now , now , you 're just guessing , Sergeant '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Ca n't you guess '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: He guessed by their appearance that they were Rumanians . 

Frequency of Synset('estimate.v.01'): 50  (judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time))
	 1.Example sentence: Studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities . 
	 2.Example sentence: On one of his 1921 ventures he was actually come upon by a Detective Sergeant John J. Ryan down on his knees with a tool embedded in a labour office safe in the Postal Telegraph Building ; the jury wanted better evidence than that and he was acquitted , at a cost of $ 30000 in bribes , it was estimated . 
	 3.Example sentence: The National Manpower Council of Columbia University has estimated that three out of five skilled workers and one out of five technicians have not been formally trained . 
	 4.Example sentence: All the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a local survey of skill needs , of estimating the growth of local jobs , and of consulting with local employers on the types of courses and their content . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('correct.s.02.correct')
Frequency of Synset('correct.a.01'): 24  (free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth)
	 1.Example sentence: You were right '' , Russ exclaimed , tearing the loose bills out of Carmer 's hat . 
	 2.Example sentence: The boy had , apparently - if Mrs. MacReady was right in what she had told Mullins - only in recent months been forced to give up college , to work as a busboy . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Right '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: He was also , if Pam North was right , a closer acquaintance of Lauren Payne 's than she , now , was inclined to admit . 

Frequency of Synset('correct.s.02'): 14  (socially right or correct)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: Even so , Madden 's dislike of the suave , correct lawyer deepened . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` It does n't seem quite right , telling her a thing like that . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sarah found the right key and unlocked the door . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('political.a.03.political')
Frequency of Synset('political.a.01'): 45  (involving or characteristic of politics or parties or politicians; - Daniel Goleman)
	 1.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 2.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 3.Example sentence: His broad interest in literary , political , and philosophical movements opened many doors to him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . 

Frequency of Synset('political.a.02'): 11  (of or relating to your views about social relationships involving authority or power)
	 1.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the first place our business is foreign policy , and it is the business of the Presidential leadership and his appointees in the Department to consider the domestic political aspects of a problem . 
	 3.Example sentence: Here I do not speak of military power where our advantage is obvious and overwhelming but of political power - of influence , if you will - about which the relevant questions are : 
	 4.Example sentence: Communist political warfare , we must remember , is waged insidiously and in deliberate stages . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('child.n.02.child')
Frequency of Synset('child.n.01'): 199  (a young person of either sex)
	 1.Example sentence: A dominant motive is the poet 's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 3.Example sentence: If a child had a single drop of Negro blood , he would revert to the ancestral line which , except as slaves under a superior race , had not made one step of progress in 3000 years . 
	 4.Example sentence: Children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one . 

Frequency of Synset('child.n.02'): 60  (a human offspring (son or daughter) of any age)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: But fathers often addressed communications to their small children ; and these , full of homely advice , are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters . 
	 3.Example sentence: They look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or eleven thousand villages , with an average of 200 souls . 
	 4.Example sentence: It takes place in the household , a rite of well wishing for myriad occasions - for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the New Year , for any good purpose . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('male_child.n.01.boy')
Frequency of Synset('male_child.n.01'): 135  (a youthful male person)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: As a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary , absorbed in his fondness for nature and his visions of Sweden 's ancient glory . 
	 3.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 4.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 

Frequency of Synset('boy.n.02'): 17  (a friendly informal reference to a grown man)
	 1.Example sentence: Both these youths , who greatly admired Henrietta , were somewhat younger than she , as were also the neighboring Friedenwald boys , who were then studying medicine ; and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa , whose mind - although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it - naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were . 
	 2.Example sentence: And Mr. Skyros did n't like Angie , but what with Prettyman and three of his boys inside , and not likely to come out - And Angie such a valuable salesman , Prettyman said - All the nuisance and danger of getting in touch with practically a whole new bunch of boys - Why did everything have to happen at once ? 
	 3.Example sentence: And Mr. Skyros did n't like Angie , but what with Prettyman and three of his boys inside , and not likely to come out - And Angie such a valuable salesman , Prettyman said - All the nuisance and danger of getting in touch with practically a whole new bunch of boys - Why did everything have to happen at once ? 
	 4.Example sentence: It 's too bad I did n't call you , and it 's too bad I let Schaeffer use Accacia when he could have had a boy who 'd be glad to learn something of Homicide procedure . 

Frequency of Synset('son.n.01'): 61  (a male human offspring)
	 1.Example sentence: Of only one could he be sure - young John Hudson , his second son . 
	 2.Example sentence: He was a Londoner , married , with three sons . 
	 3.Example sentence: Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters ' sons to retain in camp Negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes . 
	 4.Example sentence: The son and heir of a prominent family marries a girl who has tell-tale shadows on the half-moons of her finger nails . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('female_child.n.01.girl')
Frequency of Synset('girl.n.01'): 80  (a young woman)
	 1.Example sentence: A Yankee sergeant gave the following description of his sweetheart : `` My girl is none of your one-horse girls . 
	 2.Example sentence: Shy , slender-waisted girls at the loom in harmony with the frangipani by the wayside . 
	 3.Example sentence: I said , `` Do we know each other , Miss '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Man , you rang - it was in color , too , Miss , and & & & Miss ? 

Frequency of Synset('female_child.n.01'): 56  (a youthful female person)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: You 've already sent your daughter to Miss X 's select academy for girls and your son to Mr. Y 's select academy for boys , and you can be as liberal as you please with strict impunity . 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , however , it may be said that when a boy or a girl leaves the high school , the school authorities play little or no part in the decision of what happens next . 
	 4.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('last.r.02.finally')
Frequency of Synset('finally.r.01'): 33  (after an unspecified period of time or an especially long delay)
	 1.Example sentence: In truth , we can say that this broke the power of Senator Joseph McCarthy , who was finally exposed in full light to the American people . 
	 2.Example sentence: If Mr. Skyros had dreamed of all the trouble that young man would eventually cause - 
	 3.Example sentence: And I suppose now that you 've finally grown up , if a little late , you 'd go on producing kittens every six months or so . 
	 4.Example sentence: Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated . 

Frequency of Synset('ultimately.r.01'): 18  (as the end result of a succession or process)
	 1.Example sentence: At last he said , `` Well , thank you for calling , Mr. Benson . 
	 2.Example sentence: Though it centers around the brilliant and enigmatic figure of Charles 12 , , the true hero is not finally the king himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 
	 4.Example sentence: Had the Communist led Pathet Lao finally come this far ? 

Frequency of Synset('last.r.02'): 20  (the item at the end)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: Finally petitioner says that he was entitled to inspect the FBI report during the proceedings before the hearing officer as well as at the trial . 
	 3.Example sentence: Finally , since the public requires some restraint on the part of the companies , larger wage increases call for less than proportionately larger price increases ( e. g. , if a wage increase of 5 % allows a price increase of 7 % , a wage increase of 10 % allows a price increase of something less than 14 % ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: Let us survey for a moment the development of modern thought - turning our attention from the Reformation toward the revolutionary and romantic movements that follow and dwelling finally on more recent decades . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('opinion.n.01.opinion')
Frequency of Synset('opinion.n.01'): 28  (a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: Just do n't tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would agree with this view . 
	 4.Example sentence: first , because it is important in itself , and , second , because he knows that the American public cares about a decent respect for the opinions of mankind . 

Frequency of Synset('impression.n.01'): 57  (a vague idea in which some confidence is placed)
	 1.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling . 
	 3.Example sentence: Demagogues of this sort found communist bogeys lurking behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped notions . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hence , the only defensible procedure is to repress any and every notion , unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('incorrect.a.01.wrong')
Frequency of Synset('incorrect.a.01'): 14  (not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` You 've give me the wrong change '' , said the customer sharply . 
	 3.Example sentence: Adam Smith was wrong . 
	 4.Example sentence: But you 're all wrong , man ! 

Frequency of Synset('wrong.a.02'): 11  (contrary to conscience or morality or law)
	 1.Example sentence: He had no apparent comprehension of morality ; he divided humanity into `` right guys '' and `` wrong guys '' , and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under . 
	 2.Example sentence: He had no apparent comprehension of morality ; he divided humanity into `` right guys '' and `` wrong guys '' , and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under . 
	 3.Example sentence: He , McBride , would be cited as in the wrong , and he , Lord , would go scot-free , an officer who had only done his duty , though perhaps too energetically . 
	 4.Example sentence: I 'm not steering you wrong . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('continue.v.01.go_on')
Frequency of Synset('continue.v.01'): 180  (continue a certain state, condition, or activity)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 3.Example sentence: He went on to personal bequests , a list of names largely unknown to him . 
	 4.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 

Frequency of Synset('happen.v.01'): 227  (come to pass)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson 's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 

Frequency of Synset('continue.v.02'): 49  (continue talking;  he continued,)
	 1.Example sentence: From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self . 
	 2.Example sentence: Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . 
	 3.Example sentence: Joyce went on , `` When we 'd finished , Lou - Mr. Thor - asked me to stay a little longer . 
	 4.Example sentence: She went on : 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('right.r.01.right')
Frequency of Synset('right.r.01'): 14  (precisely, exactly)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 2.Example sentence: And I done favors for you , big favor not so long back , did n't I , and I 'm right here to take on where Pretty left off . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` You 're staying right here for a while . 
	 4.Example sentence: The walk ended , inevitably , right in front of his hotel building . 

Frequency of Synset('right.r.02'): 13  (immediately)
	 1.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Maybe Lou was only unconscious , but right then I thought he must be dead . 
	 3.Example sentence: Angie worth his weight in gold right now , but these users , they sometimes went down fast . 
	 4.Example sentence: He hit the theme about dying to defend your country , and you were ready to do it right then , without a second thought . 

Frequency of Synset('right.r.03'): 11  (exactly)
	 1.Example sentence: And so , after a flight southeast to Savannakhet , we found ourselves bouncing along in a Jeep right behind the Land-Rover of Prince Boun Oum of Champassak , a tall man of Churchillian mien in a bush jacket and a ten-gallon hat from Texas . 
	 2.Example sentence: All the ideologies changing from day to day , right under his eyes , so how could a man look to any one of them for an enlargement of his freedom ? 
	 3.Example sentence: But then , when you stuck things into the holes , why did n't they come right out again ? 
	 4.Example sentence: We want to make sure that our junior colleagues realize that ideas are welcome , that initiative goes right down to the bottom and goes all the way to the top . 

Frequency of Synset('properly.r.01'): 21  (in the right manner)
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which , properly handled , would , he had assured him , turn into a workbench . 
	 2.Example sentence: Properly mindful of all the cultures in existence today throughout the world , we must employ these resources without war or violent revolution . 
	 3.Example sentence: He sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` Acting Lieutenant Gunnar Matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station 's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the Homicide Detail of the Inspector's Bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O. T. Killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six '' - he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` - failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordered . 
	 4.Example sentence: The valley was only a few hundred yards wide with just about room enough for a properly performed hundred-and-eighty degree turn . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mention.v.01.refer')
Frequency of Synset('mention.v.01'): 97  (make reference to)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the pool 's far end was the little cabana Joyce had mentioned , and on the water 's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp looking lather . 
	 4.Example sentence: These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas . 

Frequency of Synset('refer.v.02'): 95  (be relevant to)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , she had a number of them where money was concerned '' , Garth said . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer , for instance , we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign . 

Frequency of Synset('refer.v.03'): 12  (think of, regard, or classify under a subsuming principle or with a general group or in relation to another)
	 1.Example sentence: The personal pronouns and substitute one are normally unstressed because they refer to what is prominent in the immediate context . 
	 2.Example sentence: The percentage of Federal participation in such costs for any State is referred to in the law as that State 's `` Federal share '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: For purposes of this explanation , this percentage is referred to as the States `` unadjusted Federal share '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One of my favorites is A. armata , a species very common in England , where it is sometimes referred to as the lawn bee . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('once.r.01.once')
Frequency of Synset('once.r.01'): 70  (on one occasion)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . 
	 3.Example sentence: He caught up with me once and grabbed me , but I was all covered with ZING - it 's very slippery , you know '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: She could not resist the opportunity `` of showing her superiority in argument over a man '' which she had remarked as one of the `` feminine follies '' of Sara Sullam ; and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception - he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College - until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything . 

Frequency of Synset('once.r.02'): 22  (as soon as)
	 1.Example sentence: Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; once the pool of recruits diminishes , the congregation is helpless - friendly contacts no longer keep it going . 
	 2.Example sentence: Once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention , he could undertake the things which really counted . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I suppose '' , he muttered , `` I can sell the outfit for enough to send you home to your folks , once we find a settlement '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Once out in the street , the traffic was a gadfly maze in which he wandered stricken . 

Frequency of Synset('once.r.03'): 20  (at a previous time)
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Keo , once a diplomat in Paris and Washington , was Commissioner of Rural Affairs . 
	 2.Example sentence: While the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer 's report be placed in the registrant 's file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 . 
	 3.Example sentence: How in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business , raise a family , be on half a dozen boards , work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a bulging brief case ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty protagonist ; a maladroit reharmonization of our National Anthem ( The Star-Spangled Banner ) ; a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto ; a circus polka for elephants ; his hopes that the tunes from his old music might be used for popular American commercial songs ! 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('ever.r.01.ever')
Frequency of Synset('ever.r.01'): 95  (at any time)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: No discrepancies or shortages had ever been found . 
	 3.Example sentence: These questions have remained one of the great sea mysteries of all time . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 

Frequency of Synset('always.r.01'): 174  (at all times; all the time and on every occasion)
	 1.Example sentence: She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . 
	 4.Example sentence: Chapter 8 , is entitled `` On Magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('argument.n.01.statement')
Frequency of Synset('statement.n.01'): 52  (a message that is stated or declared; a communication (oral or written) setting forth particulars or facts etc)
	 1.Example sentence: The statement was effective . 
	 2.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 3.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 4.Example sentence: Petitioner was not denied due process in the administrative proceedings , because the statement in question was in his file , to which he had access , and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the Department of Justice and before the appeal board . 

Frequency of Synset('argument.n.01'): 31  (a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden regretted not being able to find fault with so true a statement . 
	 2.Example sentence: But what a super Herculean task it is to winnow anything of value from the mud beplastered arguments used so freely , particularly since such common use is made of cliches and stereotypes , in themselves declarations of intellectual bankruptcy . 
	 3.Example sentence: The very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts ; usually , this is most exasperating to men , who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly . 
	 4.Example sentence: While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i. e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('bring.v.04.bring')
Frequency of Synset('bring.v.01'): 152  (take something or somebody with oneself somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: He spoke of the season of dryness and dust , brought by the monsoon from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the monsoon from the southwest . 
	 2.Example sentence: He spoke of the season of dryness and dust , brought by the monsoon from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the monsoon from the southwest . 
	 3.Example sentence: That , however , may also bring the police , if the thinking does not meet with social approval . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 

Frequency of Synset('bring.v.02'): 52  (cause to come into a particular state or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is done for simplicity of commands and to bring the hidden redundancy up to where misunderstanding has almost zero possibility . 
	 3.Example sentence: He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done . 
	 4.Example sentence: A contrast of the scripture reading of , let us say , St. Augustine , John Bunyan , and Thomas Jefferson , all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment , can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression . 

Frequency of Synset('bring.v.03'): 33  (cause to happen or to occur as a consequence)
	 1.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 2.Example sentence: Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Makes for confusion and congestion '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The partners each bring to it unselfish love , and each takes away an equal share of pleasure and joy . 

Frequency of Synset('bring.v.04'): 64  (go or come after and bring or take back)
	 1.Example sentence: If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth brought one out . 
	 3.Example sentence: She went downstairs and received another curious shock , for when Glendora flapped into the dining room in her homemade moccasins , Sarah asked her when she had brought coffee to her room and Glendora said she had n't . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Well , then who brought it '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('bring.v.05'): 12  (bring into a different state)
	 1.Example sentence: This notion of the General Will gave rise to the Commune of Paris in the Revolution and later brought Napoleon to dictatorship . 
	 2.Example sentence: Outside of combat , he could n't have landed in a tougher spot . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is this subject matter that has brought Mason a large and enthusiastic following among sportsmen , but it is his exceptional performance with this motif that commends him to artists and discerning collectors . 
	 4.Example sentence: This brought in everybody from both sides , while the spectators stood up and added to the uproar . 

Frequency of Synset('lend.v.01'): 56  (bestow a quality on)
	 1.Example sentence: As a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion . 
	 2.Example sentence: This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design . 
	 3.Example sentence: They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('catch.v.07.catch')
Frequency of Synset('catch.v.01'): 19  (discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state)
	 1.Example sentence: Though his inner thoughts cringed at it , he forced himself to think back , recreating the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him molesting the child . 
	 2.Example sentence: She had caught him off guard , no preparation , nothing certain but that ahead lay some kind of disaster . 
	 3.Example sentence: Tom had been laying for Aaron McBride for a long time , just waiting to catch him out of line . 
	 4.Example sentence: Caught at last , he was sentenced to prison . 

Frequency of Synset('catch.v.04'): 32  (take hold of so as to seize or restrain or stop the motion of)
	 1.Example sentence: He caught up with me once and grabbed me , but I was all covered with ZING - it 's very slippery , you know '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I swam like mad , got out of the pool , grabbed my robe , and ran to the car . 
	 3.Example sentence: Grab , snatch , I saw that first ! 
	 4.Example sentence: When his head came down , Curt grabbed him by the hair and catapulted him head first into the wall . 

Frequency of Synset('get.v.11'): 14  (succeed in catching or seizing, especially after a chase)
	 1.Example sentence: Nobody wanted Americans to be hurt or captured , and few soldiers could be spared as escorts . 
	 2.Example sentence: He catches criminals not merely because he is paid to do so ( frequently he does not receive a fee at all ) , but because he enjoys his work , because he firmly believes that murder must be punished . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the same time , because the personal code of the detective coincides with the legal dictates of his society , because he likes to catch criminals , he is in middle class eyes a virtuous man . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the end , he gets his man , but no one seems to care ; virtue is its own and only reward . 

Frequency of Synset('watch.v.03'): 57  (see or watch)
	 1.Example sentence: In fact , I was watching you on that little seventeen inch screen when you rang my bell . 
	 2.Example sentence: The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and did n't want - heaven knew did n't want ! 
	 3.Example sentence: During much of the fifteen mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east . 
	 4.Example sentence: I saw `` Fiorello ! '' performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good , and perhaps better . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('note.v.01.remark')
Frequency of Synset('note.v.01'): 103  (make mention of)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Fairly recent '' , he remarked . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . 

Frequency of Synset('comment.v.01'): 24  (make or write a comment on)
	 1.Example sentence: Alexander the Great , who used runners as message carriers , did not have to worry about having every officer in his command hear what he said and having hundreds of them comment at once . 
	 2.Example sentence: But it should be pointed out that some of the new watering places - Fire Island , Nantucket , Westhampton , Long Island , for example - tend to be homogeneously Jewish . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I might point out that your inability to report to my office this morning when you were instructed to do so has not , ah , limited my knowledge of your activities as you may have hoped '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: He points out that from the time of Jackson on through World War 1 , , evangelical Protestantism was a dominant influence in the social and political life of America . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('reason.n.01.reason')
Frequency of Synset('reason.n.01'): 85  (a rational motive for a belief or action)
	 1.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations . 
	 3.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hidden behind Hegelian abstractions were more practical reasons for a changing jurisprudence . 

Frequency of Synset('reason.n.02'): 29  (an explanation of the cause of some phenomenon)
	 1.Example sentence: One of the reasons for the high percentage of Jewish teen-agers in college is that a great many urban Jews are enabled to attend local colleges at modest cost . 
	 2.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 
	 3.Example sentence: The reason is that there is a lack of interest on the part of the community . 
	 4.Example sentence: But there is every reason to regard deal as a monosyllable , and because of the fact that / l / commonly has the quality of / / when it follows vowel sounds , deal seems to be a perfectly satisfactory rhyme with real . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('grow.v.02.grow')
Frequency of Synset('turn.v.07'): 53  (pass into a condition gradually, take on a specific property or attribute; become)
	 1.Example sentence: He straightened up , ready to vent his exasperation , then grew afraid . 
	 2.Example sentence: Was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Did men become perfectionists as they grew older , polishing , polishing , reluctant to let go ? 
	 4.Example sentence: When Beckett 's name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett `` hates life '' . 

Frequency of Synset('grow.v.02'): 50  (become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain)
	 1.Example sentence: Her estate had grown considerably . 
	 2.Example sentence: As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the great strait . 
	 3.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 4.Example sentence: A Yank , disturbed by his increasing corpulence , wrote : `` I am growing so fat I am a burden 2 myself '' . 

Frequency of Synset('grow.v.03'): 30  (increase in size by natural process)
	 1.Example sentence: `` To me you 'll always be the girl o ' my dreams , an ' the sweetest flower that grows '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Alley fences were made of solid boards higher than one 's head , but not so high as the golden glow in a corner or the hollyhocks that grew in a line against them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Every morning early , in the summer , we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells , carefully detached their hooked claws from the bark where they hung , and stabled them , a weird faery herd , in an angle between the high roots of the tulip tree , where no grass grew in the dense shade . 
	 4.Example sentence: Houses of settlers who 'd treated the company herds as a natural resource , free for the taking , were sitting empty , with weeds growing high in their yards . 

Frequency of Synset('grow.v.04'): 12  (cause to grow or develop)
	 1.Example sentence: If you have a year-round , full-time job you can n't expect to grow much more than your family uses - unless other members of the family do a good deal of the work or you hire help . 
	 2.Example sentence: If you grow anything to sell you will need markets nearby . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nothing is easier to grow from seed than pansies . 
	 4.Example sentence: If those are n't enough for you , why not grow some just for winter blooming ? 

Frequency of Synset('mature.v.01'): 12  (develop and reach maturity; undergo maturation)
	 1.Example sentence: But no : Prokofieff grew . 
	 2.Example sentence: He accepted the environment of his destiny - took root and grew to fulfill the stature of his early promise . 
	 3.Example sentence: Not through fear of disobeying orders , as Eichmann kept trying to explain , but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half acceptance of the vicious absurdities contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of Hitler 's victories into a permanent light mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal , and the more outrageous the better , `` Well , let 's try it '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The following information on snakes varying greatly in size ( but all with less than a 10 - foot maximum ) shows , when considered with the foregoing , that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature . 

Frequency of Synset('originate.v.01'): 65  (come into existence; take on form or shape)
	 1.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 2.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 
	 3.Example sentence: States were free to enact , within broad though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 

Frequency of Synset('grow.v.07'): 19  (cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques)
	 1.Example sentence: Three quarters to 1 acre of good land is enough for raising fruits and vegetables for home use , and for a small flock of chickens , a cow , and two pigs . 
	 2.Example sentence: You could not , of course , raise feed for the livestock on a plot this small . 
	 3.Example sentence: If you want to raise feed or carry out some enterprise on a larger scale , you 'll need more land . 
	 4.Example sentence: If you are going to produce for home use only , you will need only hand tools . 

Frequency of Synset('grow.v.08'): 23  (come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes))
	 1.Example sentence: It was only a fifteen minute flight , but before it was through Greg felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pa had his head up , glaring , his teeth gnawing at the place where he 'd grown a mustache once . 
	 3.Example sentence: One might also wonder if monkeys are capable of developing bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse . 
	 4.Example sentence: The policeman got a confused , funny look on his face , and he had answered kind of politely , `` Now , look here , lady : I know you got to entertain these kids and all . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('distribution.n.03.distribution')
Frequency of Synset('distribution.n.01'): 23  ((statistics) an arrangement of values of a variable showing their observed or theoretical frequency of occurrence)
	 1.Example sentence: The subjects for this study were randomly selected from stratified areas of the distribution , one-third as underachievers , one-third medium , and one-third over-achievers . 
	 2.Example sentence: The rating scale of compulsivity was constructed by first perusing the interview records , categorizing all evidence related to compulsivity , then arranging a distribution of such information apart from the case records . 
	 3.Example sentence: Final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the discovered norms . 
	 4.Example sentence: In addition , the size distribution obtained from visual and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite domain . 

Frequency of Synset('distribution.n.02'): 13  (the spatial or geographic property of being scattered about over a range, area, or volume)
	 1.Example sentence: It is true , that nothing has been found comparable with electricity by communication ; but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference . 
	 2.Example sentence: When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the distribution of the 71 items were wholly concordant in the two families , the distance would of course be 0 . 
	 4.Example sentence: The bronchial artery in its course and distribution differs somewhat from that found in other mammals . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('draw.v.18.draw')
Frequency of Synset('pull.v.01'): 54  (cause to move by pulling)
	 1.Example sentence: Hotel attendants pulled parked bicycles into the lobby . 
	 2.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 3.Example sentence: He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn . 
	 4.Example sentence: He opened the door and went in , pulling it shut behind him . 

Frequency of Synset('reap.v.02'): 11  (get or derive)
	 1.Example sentence: Being a teacher of American literature , I remembered Whittier 's `` Massachusetts to Virginia '' , where he said : `` But that one dark loathsome burden ye must stagger with alone , And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have sown '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: These expenditures are estimated to be $ 12.1 billion , an increase of $ 187 million over 1960 , reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: He does not insist on telling all he knows about any given subject ; rather his pictures invite the observer to draw on his memory , his imagination , his nostalgia . 
	 4.Example sentence: Poor where they had once been rich , humbled where they had been arrogant , having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation , the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country . 

Frequency of Synset('trace.v.02'): 16  (make a mark or lines on a surface)
	 1.Example sentence: Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great , we will merely discuss it . 
	 2.Example sentence: As the time drew near for the drawing of the British American frontier by terms of the agreement of 1818 , the company suspected that the Pembina colony - its own post and Fort Daer - was on American territory . 
	 3.Example sentence: Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees , logs , and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position , which I call ' clicking ' . 
	 4.Example sentence: In their very first collages , Braque and Picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space - or to be about to do so - while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface . 

Frequency of Synset('draw.v.04'): 41  (make, formulate, or derive in the mind)
	 1.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` folksy spirit '' of Protestant religious life ; in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is not a mess you can make sense of '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: What is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory ? 
	 4.Example sentence: How can we make sense of this division ? 

Frequency of Synset('describe.v.01'): 87  (give a description of)
	 1.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 
	 2.Example sentence: This comes out in `` When the Bells Ring '' , which describes the rallying of the peasants in southern Sweden to repel an invasion by the Danes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great , we will merely discuss it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Another girl from a relatively large midwestern city described herself as `` the only Orthodox girl in town '' . 

Frequency of Synset('attract.v.01'): 35  (direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physical attributes)
	 1.Example sentence: If he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested , he had his answer a moment later . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World - the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated - the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America - the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso - the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art - the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . 
	 3.Example sentence: In spending his money today , the consumer is pulled in many directions . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Roger , Sweeney '' , Todman called back , and pulled his four in and slightly above Greg . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('note.v.01.mention')
Frequency of Synset('mention.v.01'): 97  (make reference to)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the pool 's far end was the little cabana Joyce had mentioned , and on the water 's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp looking lather . 
	 4.Example sentence: These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas . 

Frequency of Synset('note.v.01'): 103  (make mention of)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Fairly recent '' , he remarked . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('look.v.02.seem')
Frequency of Synset('look.v.02'): 736  (give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . 
	 4.Example sentence: This was the bitter end , and Hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure . 

Frequency of Synset('appear.v.04'): 82  (seem to be true, probable, or apparent)
	 1.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . 
	 3.Example sentence: It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , in addition , required kosher food . 
	 4.Example sentence: It seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them , could place them , it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hesitate.v.02.hesitate')
Frequency of Synset('hesitate.v.01'): 13  (pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness)
	 1.Example sentence: He concludes that some changes can made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness , but hesitates to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes . 
	 2.Example sentence: For me , these will belong more completely to their surroundings if they are conceived in this early stage , though I freely admit that I do not hesitate to add or eliminate figures on the full sheet when it serves my final purpose . 
	 3.Example sentence: Only an occasional tip turned out to be a phony , and , like the police , Casey had made a point of running down all such suggestions and he did not hesitate this time . 
	 4.Example sentence: And though it was logical that a man who could plot mass murder would not hesitate to speak an untruth , still it was difficult to understand why Spencer spoke only for Cromwell . 

Frequency of Synset('hesitate.v.02'): 27  (interrupt temporarily an activity before continuing)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth hesitated . 
	 2.Example sentence: He skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park , Medfield Hospital , the civic center , the Public Health Nursing Association , the library , and so on , pausing when he came to the scholarship fund . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nerves tight as a bowstring , he paused to gather his wits . 
	 4.Example sentence: Pausing in the outside door to glance behind him , Pat looked his unspoken warning and stepped out . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('earlier.r.01.before')
Frequency of Synset('earlier.r.01'): 82  (earlier in time; previously)
	 1.Example sentence: She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Worse , his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before . 
	 4.Example sentence: On August 3 , two massive headlands reared out of the mists - great gateways never before , so far as Hudson knew , seen by Europeans . 

Frequency of Synset('ahead.r.01'): 19  (at or in the front)
	 1.Example sentence: Ahead were perilous , ice filled waters . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
	 3.Example sentence: The fast opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately * * f ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . 
	 4.Example sentence: In front of it would be his workbench . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('propose.v.01.advise')
Frequency of Synset('rede.v.02'): 11  (give advice to)
	 1.Example sentence: And when he complained of the lack of time for all he wanted to do , Henrietta advised him to rise at five in the morning as she and Papa did . 
	 2.Example sentence: When suitable equipment is located by the SBA representative , the small business concern is contacted and advised on when , where , and how to bid on such property . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Just you wait '' , advised Arlene , echoing the dialogue in a recent British movie . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I'm not advising you '' , she said . 

Frequency of Synset('propose.v.01'): 84  (make a proposal, declare a plan for something)
	 1.Example sentence: She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long sought waterway . 
	 3.Example sentence: In his report to the Attorney General , the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Take one side of the street , and I 'll take the other '' , he proposed . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('nod.v.02.nod')
Frequency of Synset('nod.v.01'): 31  (express or signify by nodding)
	 1.Example sentence: The inspector nodded , doubting this . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pat only nodded . 
	 3.Example sentence: Vastly relieved , Summers nodded and started toward the door . 
	 4.Example sentence: She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August - yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her . 

Frequency of Synset('nod.v.02'): 15  (lower and raise the head, as to indicate assent or agreement or confirmation)
	 1.Example sentence: The inspector nodded , doubting this . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pat nodded . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nodding approvingly and swelling with importance , the old lady whispered confidentially . 
	 4.Example sentence: The doorman began to nod his head automatically , then remembered who Gilborn was , what had happened to him the night before . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('affect.v.05.strike')
Frequency of Synset('strike.v.01'): 16  (deliver a sharp blow, as with the hand, fist, or weapon)
	 1.Example sentence: Pat saw Gyp Carmer staggering forward , a half filled bottle upraised as if to strike . 
	 2.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 3.Example sentence: Before he could duck , another stone struck him . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was no place to sit , but Watson walked slowly from the ladder to the window slits and back , stooping slightly to avoid striking his head on the heavy beams . 

Frequency of Synset('affect.v.05'): 26  (have an emotional or cognitive impact upon)
	 1.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had n't struck him as ready to seek anyone 's advise , least of all Garth 's . 
	 2.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 3.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 4.Example sentence: The primary quality of that view seems , now , to have been its quietness , but that cannot at the time have impressed us . 

Frequency of Synset('hit.v.02'): 32  (hit against; come into sudden contact with)
	 1.Example sentence: Just as it was being hauled inboard , a sea hit the ship . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the end we ran into Communist artillery fire . 
	 3.Example sentence: Out of compulsion to say something cheery , Ben Prime blurted , `` Well , we were lucky to be on soft ground when the first floodheads hit . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Three shots in that fella ' fore he hit the ground ! 

Frequency of Synset('hit.v.05'): 11  (affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely)
	 1.Example sentence: What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months ? 
	 2.Example sentence: How 's it strike you , foul or fair '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: The Hawaiian Islands are struck severely an average of once every 25 years . 
	 4.Example sentence: The answers the girls give struck me as reasonably varied and healthily individual . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('seek.v.01.seek')
Frequency of Synset('seek.v.01'): 43  (try to get or reach)
	 1.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had n't struck him as ready to seek anyone 's advise , least of all Garth 's . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whereas the eighteenth century had been a time in which man sought justice , the nineteenth and twentieth have been centuries in which men are satisfied with law . 
	 3.Example sentence: But everyone I met had sought cover first and asked questions later . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ideas we must have , and we seek them everywhere . 

Frequency of Synset('search.v.01'): 50  (try to locate or discover, or try to establish the existence of)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1607 and 1608 , the English Muscovy Company had sent him northward to look for a route over the North Pole or across the top of Russia . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was , of course , no special reason to believe that the man or woman they sought had stayed only overnight at the hotel . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You think Black 's the one we 're looking for '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('try.v.01'): 390  (make an effort or attempt)
	 1.Example sentence: When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do you try to maintain the principle of employee contributed ( as opposed to fully company paid ) programs ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Feverishly , he tried to brush away this intuition . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hands on Bible , seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('settle.v.01.settle')
Frequency of Synset('settle.v.01'): 15  (settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden settled back to read the will . 
	 2.Example sentence: I let up on the accelerator , only to gradually reach again the 60 m. p. h. which would , I hoped , overhaul Herry and the blonde , and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had I , Mrs. Major Roebuck settled down to practicing on Corporal Johnson the kittenish wiles she would need when making her duty call on Colonel and Mrs. Somebody in Sante Fe . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Union soldiers grounded arms and settled into healthy , indifferent postures to watch the feeble boarding of the skiffs . 
	 4.Example sentence: He would settle himself into his seat to laugh . 

Frequency of Synset('decide.v.02'): 21  (bring to an end; settle conclusively)
	 1.Example sentence: The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England . 
	 2.Example sentence: Debate is not likely to resolve the tensions and make the lot of the stepchild a happier one . 
	 3.Example sentence: I knew that a conversation with the author would not settle such questions , because a man is not the same as his writing : in the last analysis , the questions had to be settled by the work itself . 
	 4.Example sentence: I knew that a conversation with the author would not settle such questions , because a man is not the same as his writing : in the last analysis , the questions had to be settled by the work itself . 

Frequency of Synset('settle.v.04'): 11  (take up residence and become established)
	 1.Example sentence: Thomas Douglas , fifth Earl of Selkirk , a noble humanitarian Scot concerned with the plight of the crofters of his native Highlands , conceived a plan to settle them in the valley of the Red River of the North . 
	 2.Example sentence: The grant , which stretched southward to Lake Traverse - the headwaters of the Red - was made in May , 1811 , and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay . 
	 3.Example sentence: Seven hundred miles south of York Factory , at `` the Forks '' of the Red and the Assiniboine , twenty-three men located a settlement in August 1812 . 
	 4.Example sentence: The latter , members of two regiments of Swiss mercenaries transported by Great Britain to Canada to fight the Americans in the War of 1812 , had settled in Montreal and Kingston at the close of the war in 1815 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('read.v.01.read')
Frequency of Synset('read.v.01'): 114  (interpret something that is written or printed)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden settled back to read the will . 
	 2.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; they read every book that they could borrow in the village . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` No , I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here , and when it happened all I could think of was - '' . 

Frequency of Synset('read.v.02'): 25  (have or contain a certain wording or form)
	 1.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Act of July 3 , 1952 ( 66 Stat. 328 ) as amended ( 42 U. S. C. 1952 - 1958 ) , is further amended to read as follows : 
	 2.Example sentence: Section 4 of the joint resolution of September 2 , 1958 ( 72 Stat. 1707 ; 42 U. S. C. 1958 ( d ) ) , is hereby amended to read : 
	 3.Example sentence: It rested its decision solely on 7 , which reads in pertinent part : `` [ N ] o corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce . 
	 4.Example sentence: After a short time , both George and Donald joined the class with me so they would n't feel lonely , and we used to hang a sign on the door of the Brush-off reading `` out to work '' . 

Frequency of Synset('read.v.03'): 15  (look at, interpret, and say out loud something that is written or printed)
	 1.Example sentence: Each salesman was to read a sheet containing a description of the product . 
	 2.Example sentence: Naked girls danced in the chancel of the Abbey , the youngest and seemingly the most innocent being chosen to read a sermon filled with veiled depravities . 
	 3.Example sentence: By odd coincidence , on the evening of her return Shelley chose to read Parisina , which was the latest of the titled poet 's successes . 
	 4.Example sentence: He was reading from the Talmud with a group of men from his congregation . 

Frequency of Synset('take.v.06'): 39  (interpret something in a certain way; convey a particular meaning or impression)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: I remember Ernest Bloch in the foyer , shouting in his high-pitched voice : `` it may be a tour de force , mais mon Dieu , can anyone take this music seriously '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Certainly , America took Prokofieff and his Classical Symphony seriously , and with a good deal of pleasure . 
	 4.Example sentence: And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.04'): 26  (be a student of a certain subject)
	 1.Example sentence: While Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine , physics , and astronomy , his brother studied law . 
	 2.Example sentence: Adler , Judge Sulzberger 's nephew , came to study Assyriology . 
	 3.Example sentence: Both these youths , who greatly admired Henrietta , were somewhat younger than she , as were also the neighboring Friedenwald boys , who were then studying medicine ; and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa , whose mind - although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it - naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sadie studied piano ; played Chopin in the `` Soiree Musicale of Mr. Guthrie 's Pupils '' ; and she recited `` Hector 's Farewell to Andromache '' most movingly , to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds ' in Baltimore . 

Frequency of Synset('read.v.08'): 16  (indicate a certain reading; of gauges and instruments)
	 1.Example sentence: However , any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded . 
	 2.Example sentence: The differentiation however is not very much greater , as shown by the fact that Athabascan shows 3.46 stems per meaning slot as against 2.75 for Yokuts , with a slightly greater number of languages represented in our sample : 24 as against 21 . 
	 3.Example sentence: It consists of a series of pipes and a pressure measuring chamber which record the rise and fall of the water surface . 
	 4.Example sentence: At 17 : 07 that afternoon ( Greenwich time ) the shock was recorded by the seismograph alarm in Honolulu . 

Frequency of Synset('understand.v.03'): 14  (make sense of a language)
	 1.Example sentence: Whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination , it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive , that they belong together . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Phillips took a razor to Gonzalez , Prop. , but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome . 
	 3.Example sentence: We propose a method for selecting only dictionary information required by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text . 
	 4.Example sentence: Until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand , we are depriving ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('add.v.04.add')
Frequency of Synset('add.v.01'): 115  (make an addition (to); join or combine or unite with others; increase the quality, quantity, size or scope of)
	 1.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg , the wigmaker , and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading , German , and Danish in the informal curriculum . 
	 3.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 
	 4.Example sentence: Just count each blot a dodge and add in a few for I do n't dodge every time '' . 

Frequency of Synset('add.v.02'): 64  (state or say further)
	 1.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: Others added that Juet had wanted to turn the ship homeward . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pamela North said , `` Hi '' , to her cats , and added that proper cats met their humans at the door . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You seem to have read so much , you have a natural gift for words '' , he added , trying to flatter her vanity . 

Frequency of Synset('lend.v.01'): 56  (bestow a quality on)
	 1.Example sentence: As a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion . 
	 2.Example sentence: This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design . 
	 3.Example sentence: They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('continue.v.01.continue')
Frequency of Synset('continue.v.01'): 180  (continue a certain state, condition, or activity)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 3.Example sentence: He went on to personal bequests , a list of names largely unknown to him . 
	 4.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 

Frequency of Synset('continue.v.02'): 49  (continue talking;  he continued,)
	 1.Example sentence: From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self . 
	 2.Example sentence: Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . 
	 3.Example sentence: Joyce went on , `` When we 'd finished , Lou - Mr. Thor - asked me to stay a little longer . 
	 4.Example sentence: She went on : 

Frequency of Synset('continue.v.03'): 49  (keep or maintain in unaltered condition; cause to remain or last)
	 1.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 2.Example sentence: Equally a master of prose and verse , he recreates the glory of Sweden in the past and continues it into the present . 
	 3.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 

Frequency of Synset('proceed.v.02'): 14  (move ahead; travel onward in time or space)
	 1.Example sentence: Without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling , which he then stained and waxed according to his taste . 
	 2.Example sentence: The destiny of Racine 's Phedre is sealed from the beginning : she will proceed into the dark . 
	 3.Example sentence: The rest continues in a straight line . 
	 4.Example sentence: Troubled , he continued along the corridor , poking his head into the next office for a careful look around . 

Frequency of Synset('stay.v.04'): 45  (continue in a place, position, or situation)
	 1.Example sentence: Hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he remained an explorer . 
	 2.Example sentence: The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England . 
	 3.Example sentence: To many a Frenchman - they came 95 years ago , colonized , and stayed until Laos became independent in 1953 - the land had been even more delightfully tranquil than Tahiti . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was evident that a captain should remain at his desk , directing with a firm hand and keeping a firm seat . 

Frequency of Synset('cover.v.03'): 29  (span an interval of distance, space or time)
	 1.Example sentence: As used in this Act , the term ' saline water ' includes sea water , brackish water , and other mineralized or chemically charged water , and the term ' United States ' extends to and includes the District of Columbia , the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , and the territories and possessions of the United States . 
	 2.Example sentence: In one company covering the country with a high quality sales force of 10 men , the president personally phones each major account every 6 mos. . 
	 3.Example sentence: The predicted interaction effect should , if potent , extend its influence over all academic achievement . 
	 4.Example sentence: Below the fort , high bluffs extended uninterruptedly for six miles along the Mississippi River . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('duty.n.02.duty')
Frequency of Synset('duty.n.01'): 40  (the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force; ; - John D.Rockefeller Jr)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 3.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 4.Example sentence: Contract - conceived as the free bargain of formal equals - replaced the implied obligations of a more static and status conscious society . 

Frequency of Synset('duty.n.02'): 11  (work that you are obliged to perform for moral or legal reasons)
	 1.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 2.Example sentence: He again stated that he was `` a regular minister '' ; that he was `` devoting an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching publicly '' , in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other ministerial duties , and that he opposed war in any form . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` He let a patrolman take over the duties of the station keeper . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I should n't like to have to write you up for insubordination as well as dereliction of duty '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('appoint.v.01.appoint')
Frequency of Synset('appoint.v.01'): 18  (create and charge with a task or function)
	 1.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 2.Example sentence: The first pretrial conference - held to appoint amici curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings - took place on September 25 , 1957 . 
	 3.Example sentence: I am also pleased to note that Mr. John B. Oakes , a member of the Times staff since 1946 , has been appointed as editorial page editor . 
	 4.Example sentence: if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation has been duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and has not been discharged prior to the date of payment , payment shall be made to such receiver or trustee in accordance with the order of the court ; 

Frequency of Synset('appoint.v.02'): 12  (assign a duty, responsibility or obligation to)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1800 , Manthey went abroad and Oersted was appointed manager of the Lion Pharmacy . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was the 7 th Cavalry whose troopers were charged with guarding the Imperial Palace of the Emperor . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a course for supermarket operators , a district manager who had been recently appointed to his position after being outstandingly successful as a store manager , found that in supervising other managers he was having a difficult time . 
	 4.Example sentence: As soon as that one man is appointed by himself or the others or by a signal from Spencer , we are going to be rushed . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('chew_over.v.01.reflect')
Frequency of Synset('reflect.v.01'): 41  (manifest or bring back)
	 1.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 2.Example sentence: While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins ' pronouncement in Pleas of the Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage . 
	 3.Example sentence: His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses , employed at night by a sugar producer . 
	 4.Example sentence: These polar concerns ( imitation vs. formalism ) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time . 

Frequency of Synset('chew_over.v.01'): 17  (reflect deeply on a subject)
	 1.Example sentence: A splendid vote of confidence in Thayer , Madden reflected . 
	 2.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 3.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 4.Example sentence: Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . 

Frequency of Synset('reflect.v.03'): 17  (to throw or bend back (from a surface))
	 1.Example sentence: But Stravinsky was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was reflecting . 
	 2.Example sentence: This development is reflected in the action taken in February , 1961 , by the general board of the National Council of Churches , the largest Protestant organization in the US . 
	 3.Example sentence: He filled a real need , showing society what it looked like , turning it inside out , portraying its wars and its leaders , its ugliness and its beauties , reflecting its profound religious impulses . 
	 4.Example sentence: These wavelengths are reflected in sequence through the specimen by the rotating mirror ; the specimen is magnified by the microscope . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('personal.s.02.personal')
Frequency of Synset('personal.a.01'): 26  (concerning or affecting a particular person or his or her private life and personality)
	 1.Example sentence: It consists of fragmentary personal revelations , such as `` The Spark '' : 
	 2.Example sentence: In a periodic review , the local board on July 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1 , - A and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home . 
	 3.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 
	 4.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 

Frequency of Synset('personal.s.02'): 12  (particular to a given individual)
	 1.Example sentence: He went on to personal bequests , a list of names largely unknown to him . 
	 2.Example sentence: The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are : ( a ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the same time , because the personal code of the detective coincides with the legal dictates of his society , because he likes to catch criminals , he is in middle class eyes a virtuous man . 
	 4.Example sentence: The individualism and public service of the private detective both stem from his dedication to a personal code of conduct : he enforces the law without being told to do so . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('name.n.01.name')
Frequency of Synset('name.n.01'): 92  (a language unit by which a person or thing is known)
	 1.Example sentence: He went on to personal bequests , a list of names largely unknown to him . 
	 2.Example sentence: There were no other names Madden recognized . 
	 3.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 4.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 

Frequency of Synset('name.n.04'): 14  (a well-known or notable person)
	 1.Example sentence: Though it centers around the brilliant and enigmatic figure of Charles 12 , , the true hero is not finally the king himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters , of common folk even more than of major figures . 
	 3.Example sentence: Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory . 
	 4.Example sentence: While five minutes ago the place had presented a scene of easy revelry , with Gyp Carmer a prominent figure , it was now as somnolent and dull as the day before payday . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sum.n.01.sum')
Frequency of Synset('sum.n.01'): 52  (a quantity of money)
	 1.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 2.Example sentence: Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; to Brian Thayer , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker 's employ at the time of the latter 's death . 
	 3.Example sentence: Russ ran through the bills and named an amount it was highly unlikely any cowpuncher would come by honestly . 
	 4.Example sentence: Katya made up the amount in indifferent silence . 

Frequency of Synset('sum.n.02'): 16  (a quantity obtained by the addition of a group of numbers)
	 1.Example sentence: In six years , U. S. aid had amounted to more than $ 1.60 for each American - a total of three hundred million dollars . 
	 2.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 4.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 

Frequency of Synset('kernel.n.03'): 12  (the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience)
	 1.Example sentence: George Meredith has said that fervor is the core of style . 
	 2.Example sentence: For Plato , `` imitation '' is twice removed from reality , being a poor copy of physical appearance , which in itself is a poor copy of ideal essence . 
	 3.Example sentence: At any rate , the substance of Eichmann 's testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the SS , and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews , his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to that extent . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is the strategy of blockade , therefore , that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials , Members of Congress , officers in the Pentagon . 

Frequency of Synset('sum.n.05'): 15  (the whole amount)
	 1.Example sentence: Dr. A. V. Astin , NBS Director , opened the 5 - day session with introductory remarks , following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by NBS scientists , from both the Washington and Boulder Laboratories . 
	 2.Example sentence: Throughout the history of the program , state government expenditures in the aggregate have usually matched or exceeded the Federal expenditures , while local districts all together have spent more than either Federal or state governments . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the Smith-Hughes , George-Barden , and National Defense Act of 1958 , the cumulative total of Federal expenditures in 42 years was only about $ 740 million . 
	 4.Example sentence: This probably would require some support for subsistence as well as for tuition , but the total would be no greater than for the proposals of unemployment compensation or a Youth Conservation Corps . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('event.n.02.event')
Frequency of Synset('event.n.01'): 60  (something that happens at a given place and time)
	 1.Example sentence: Not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage . 
	 2.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 3.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 

Frequency of Synset('event.n.02'): 45  (a special set of circumstances)
	 1.Example sentence: Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; to Brian Thayer , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker 's employ at the time of the latter 's death . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the second voyage , he had turned back at the frozen island of Novaya Zemlya and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will - which was obviously not the case . 
	 3.Example sentence: Over and above that , however , was his growing suspicion of Chuck Stober 's part in recent events . 
	 4.Example sentence: He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done . 

Frequency of Synset('consequence.n.01'): 199  (a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon)
	 1.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 
	 2.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: One result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('still.r.01.still')
Frequency of Synset('still.r.01'): 214  (with reference to action or condition; without change, interruption, or cessation)
	 1.Example sentence: Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; to Brian Thayer , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker 's employ at the time of the latter 's death . 
	 2.Example sentence: It 's still unbelievable that it was murder . 
	 3.Example sentence: Each is still glorified as a national hero . 
	 4.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 

Frequency of Synset('however.r.01'): 205  (despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession))
	 1.Example sentence: Even so , Madden 's dislike of the suave , correct lawyer deepened . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , he made a mental note to look into Garth 's financial background . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , the sovereign was not Hobbes ' absolute monarch but rather the parliamentary sovereign of Austin . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , he continued experimenting and lecturing , publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals . 

Frequency of Synset('even.r.03'): 37  (to a greater degree or extent; used with comparisons)
	 1.Example sentence: Still another , annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive , wrote : `` Yore letter was short and sweet , jist like a roasted maget '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: When it was followed by a second , whining even closer , Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still another boy asserted : `` To be a good Jew is to do no wrong ; it 's to be a good person '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Still another suggested that he would join a temple `` for social reasons , since I 'll be living in a suburb '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('think.v.03.think')
Frequency of Synset('think.v.01'): 279  (judge or regard; look upon; judge)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` They thout I was a saint . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A. M. A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you did n't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you did n't bathe . 

Frequency of Synset('think.v.02'): 228  (expect, believe, or suppose)
	 1.Example sentence: Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 

Frequency of Synset('think.v.03'): 105  (use or exercise the mind or one's power of reason in order to make inferences, decisions, or arrive at a solution or judgments)
	 1.Example sentence: Too bad , Madden thought . 
	 2.Example sentence: Assuredly in our political campaigns there is freedom to think , to examine any and all issues , and to speak without restraint . 
	 3.Example sentence: Also , he thought , I doubt if she could hit the side of a barn with a shotgun . 
	 4.Example sentence: They want to be fat cats , Pam thought , and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together . 

Frequency of Synset('remember.v.01'): 144  (recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection)
	 1.Example sentence: It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I could n't remember where we had met . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` No , I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here , and when it happened all I could think of was - '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The keys were still in it , and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabana where I 'd changed '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 

Frequency of Synset('intend.v.01'): 57  (have in mind as a purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I do n't mean to pry , but do they hide the swimsuit with the bubbles ? 
	 3.Example sentence: I showed her the shower and tub , and she said , smiling , `` If you really do n't mind , I think I 'll get clean in the shower , then soak for a few minutes in your tub . 
	 4.Example sentence: I intend to include under the term all the practical courses open to boys and girls . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('earn.v.02.earn')
Frequency of Synset('gain.v.08'): 36  (earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages)
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; he found money much more interesting ; but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living - and paid for his own stuff - and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill . 
	 2.Example sentence: He conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the Sicilians , but he had his huge North Side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money . 
	 3.Example sentence: In deciding how much land you want , take into account the amount you 'll need to bring in the income you expect . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the United States . 

Frequency of Synset('earn.v.02'): 15  (acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions)
	 1.Example sentence: Joan Sheldon had earned the larger bequest . 
	 2.Example sentence: They get all the glory and most of the pay and do n't earn ten cents apiece on the average , the drunken rascals '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: If we want respect from ourselves or others , we will have to earn it . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , on the basis of the regression equation , a child with an I. Q. of 120 in this sample would be expected to earn an achievement test score of 4.8 ( grade equivalent ) . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('recognize.v.04.recognize')
Frequency of Synset('acknowledge.v.06'): 41  (accept (someone) to be what is claimed or accept his power and authority)
	 1.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 2.Example sentence: The association between electric ( both electrostatic and voltaic ) forces and magnetic forces had been recognized by investigators for many decades . 
	 3.Example sentence: We assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that price level increases may offset wage rate increases , and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the `` real '' wage rate . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath defying his ulcer . 

Frequency of Synset('recognize.v.02'): 78  (be fully aware or cognizant of)
	 1.Example sentence: She realized I 'd have to notify the police , but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pam realized , to her surprise , that she had been almost dozing . 
	 3.Example sentence: The sweat broke out on Mr. Skyros ' forehead as he realized he had been actually thinking - hoping - planning - perhaps - 
	 4.Example sentence: Too late , he realized that in turning , he had wheeled them onto a patch of sandy ground , instead of atop a grade or ridge . 

Frequency of Synset('spot.v.02'): 31  (detect with the senses)
	 1.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 2.Example sentence: And you recognized me '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` But when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times , I knew I had been framed , and withdrew almost at once '' . 

Frequency of Synset('recognize.v.04'): 11  (perceive to be the same)
	 1.Example sentence: There were no other names Madden recognized . 
	 2.Example sentence: He recognized the gesture . 
	 3.Example sentence: Adam recognized this one . 
	 4.Example sentence: When a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream , we have an instance of deja vu , except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar . 

Frequency of Synset('greet.v.01'): 14  (express greetings upon meeting someone)
	 1.Example sentence: And in a sudden wave of painful clarity , Alexander recognized a kinship with Spencer . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the inn , which was situated close to a broad weir , Byron was greeted by the landlord with obsequious deference and addressed as `` milord '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: John recognized Ablard Corne and called out a greeting . 
	 4.Example sentence: Kate greeted him gravely , uneasy with misgivings at his visit . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('find.v.05.feel')
Frequency of Synset('feel.v.01'): 150  (undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind)
	 1.Example sentence: No doubt Mrs. Meeker had snubbed him many a time and he felt no grief over her passing . 
	 2.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 4.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.05'): 185  (come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds)
	 1.Example sentence: Some companies find a little imagination helpful . 
	 2.Example sentence: Arthur Williams 's might well have been included , he felt . 
	 3.Example sentence: By that , one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces . 
	 4.Example sentence: Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . 

Frequency of Synset('feel.v.03'): 81  (perceive by a physical sensation, e.g., coming from the skin or muscles)
	 1.Example sentence: For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . 
	 2.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 3.Example sentence: A shot or two went wild before Cobb felt something tug at his foot . 
	 4.Example sentence: A second twitched his shirtsleeve , and he felt a brief burn on his upper arm . 

Frequency of Synset('feel.v.04'): 29  (be conscious of a physical, mental, or emotional state)
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; he found money much more interesting ; but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living - and paid for his own stuff - and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think I was what you might call a convivial man , and yet it was when I was alone in my studio , doing my work , that I really felt alive . 
	 4.Example sentence: And now she was feeling sick , both from concern about Stanley and hunger . 

Frequency of Synset('feel.v.05'): 30  (have a feeling or perception about oneself in reaction to someone's behavior or attitude)
	 1.Example sentence: It seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them , could place them , it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla . 
	 2.Example sentence: It seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them , could place them , it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla . 
	 3.Example sentence: Watching her , he felt like a spectator at a tennis game , with the ball being bounced back and forth . 
	 4.Example sentence: For over a hundred years Southerners have felt that the North was picking on them . 

Frequency of Synset('feel.v.06'): 15  (undergo passive experience of:)
	 1.Example sentence: If private brand competition has n't been felt in your product field as yet , have you thought how you will cope with it if and when it does appear ? 
	 2.Example sentence: One of the most damaging tsunami on record followed the famous Lisbon earthquake of November 1 , 1755 ; its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast . 
	 3.Example sentence: Poor where they had once been rich , humbled where they had been arrogant , having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation , the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country . 
	 4.Example sentence: He laughed , suddenly , feeling a surge of power telling him of his hold over them , seeing himself before them , receiving utmost respect and attention . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('detail.n.01.point')
Frequency of Synset('point.n.01'): 51  (a geometric element that has position but no extension)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors , h and e have six , and p has only one , while the remaining points have intermediate numbers . 
	 2.Example sentence: It will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors , h and e have six , and p has only one , while the remaining points have intermediate numbers . 
	 3.Example sentence: In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . 
	 4.Example sentence: A point like p gets information directly from n , but all information beyond n is indirectly relayed through n . 

Frequency of Synset('point.n.02'): 17  (the precise location of something; a spatially limited location)
	 1.Example sentence: Since the air is a continuum , the network of communication remains intact regardless of the positions or motions of the points ( the people ) in the net . 
	 2.Example sentence: As shown in Figure 1 , there is a connection for communication between every pair of points . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door . 
	 4.Example sentence: In Figure 2 , the points in the network are designated by a letter accompanied by a number . 

Frequency of Synset('point.n.03'): 20  (a brief version of the essential meaning of something)
	 1.Example sentence: She thrust the envelope back in the bag ; there was no point in locking it up in the armoire now , it was like locking the barn after the horse was stolen . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was no point either in telling herself again what a fool she 'd been . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` You 're missing the point '' , he said . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment '' . 

Frequency of Synset('detail.n.01'): 42  (an isolated fact that is considered separately from the whole)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden took up this point with Garth , who shrugged it off . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said `` states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law governed countries . 
	 3.Example sentence: Linguists have not always been more enlightened than `` practical people '' and sometimes have insisted on incredibly trivial points while neglecting things of much greater significance . 
	 4.Example sentence: The difficulty was that each day seemed to produce its quota of details which must be cleaned up immediately . 

Frequency of Synset('degree.n.02'): 65  (a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process)
	 1.Example sentence: While there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process . 
	 2.Example sentence: The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 * * f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the | l point . 
	 3.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 
	 4.Example sentence: conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; 

Frequency of Synset('point.n.09'): 13  (a very small circular shape)
	 1.Example sentence: The circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is convenient to classify a child 's onset ages and completion ages as `` advanced '' , `` moderate '' ( modal ) , or `` delayed '' according to whether the child 's age equivalent `` dots '' appeared to the left of , upon , or to the right of the appropriate short transverse line . 
	 3.Example sentence: When a dot appears close to the end of the transverse line , the `` moderate '' rating may be further classified according to the position of the dot with respect to the vertical marking denoting the mean age . 
	 4.Example sentence: When a dot appears close to the end of the transverse line , the `` moderate '' rating may be further classified according to the position of the dot with respect to the vertical marking denoting the mean age . 

Frequency of Synset('item.n.01'): 33  (a distinct part that can be specified separately in a group of things that could be enumerated on a list)
	 1.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 2.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 
	 3.Example sentence: Linguists have not always been more enlightened than `` practical people '' and sometimes have insisted on incredibly trivial points while neglecting things of much greater significance . 
	 4.Example sentence: Once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention , he could undertake the things which really counted . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('high.a.01.high')
Frequency of Synset('high.a.01'): 131  (greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount)
	 1.Example sentence: `` This one came a bit high at thirty thousand or more '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . 
	 3.Example sentence: In Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation ( Paris , 1813 ) under the title Recherches sur l ' identite des forces chimiques et electriques , a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists . 
	 4.Example sentence: Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A. M. A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you did n't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you did n't bathe . 

Frequency of Synset('high.a.02'): 46  ((literal meaning) being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension (sometimes used in combinations like `knee-high'))
	 1.Example sentence: To starboard was a cape a thousand feet high , patched with ice and snow , populated by thousands of screaming sea birds . 
	 2.Example sentence: To port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a precipice of 2000 feet . 
	 3.Example sentence: He and Cobb clattered down the high steps to the street . 
	 4.Example sentence: Emerson - Platonist , idealist , doctrinaire - sounded a high Transcendental note in his `` Boston Hymn '' , delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : `` Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('refer.v.02.concern')
Frequency of Synset('refer.v.02'): 95  (be relevant to)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , she had a number of them where money was concerned '' , Garth said . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer , for instance , we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign . 

Frequency of Synset('concern.v.02'): 25  (be on the mind of)
	 1.Example sentence: After this holocaust , a changing world occupied the minds of men ; a world beset with new boundaries , new treaties and governments , new goals and methods , and the age-old fears of aggression and subjugation - hunger and exposure . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus Burns 's `` My love is like a red , red rose '' and Hopkins ' `` The thunder-purple sea beach , plumed purple of thunder '' although clearly intelligible in content , hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned . 
	 3.Example sentence: Let us quote once more from R. G. Collingwood : `` History is properly concerned with the actions of human beings . 
	 4.Example sentence: These moments are historical events in the lives of individual authors with which the student of comparative literature must be frequently concerned . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('persuade.v.02.persuade')
Frequency of Synset('carry.v.23'): 20  (win approval or support for)
	 1.Example sentence: I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed . 
	 2.Example sentence: But Stravinsky was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was reflecting . 
	 3.Example sentence: Selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to Red River where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile Northwest Company which resented the intrusion of farmers into the fur traders ' empire . 
	 4.Example sentence: The men did not object to his sketching them while they went about their work , but no one could be persuaded to come to his studio to pose . 

Frequency of Synset('persuade.v.02'): 12  (cause somebody to adopt a certain position, belief, or course of action; twist somebody's arm)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: With difficulty , Hudson persuaded him to rejoin the ship , and they sailed from Iceland . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hands on Bible , seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is they who read - and make - Jewish best-sellers and then persuade their husbands to read them . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('repair.v.01.fix')
Frequency of Synset('repair.v.01'): 24  (restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: Rev , George and Lolotte were mending shoes . 
	 3.Example sentence: And even with her limited knowledge of such things , she knew that the car could be repaired there ; sufficiently , at least , to get them back into town . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then , with a shrug of pretended indifference , she took a compact from her purse and went through the motions of fixing her make-up . 

Frequency of Synset('fasten.v.01'): 20  (cause to be firmly attached)
	 1.Example sentence: He reached out to pull the door shut and fasten it with a sliding bolt . 
	 2.Example sentence: Finally , the conception of the natural community of all possessions which originated with the Stoics was firmly fixed in a tradition by More 's time , although it was not accepted by all the theologian philosophers of the Middle Ages . 
	 3.Example sentence: Each scene is shot straight through , as had been the universal custom , from a camera fixed in a single position , but in the outdoor scenes , especially in the capture and destruction of the outlaws , Porter 's camera position breaks , necessarily , with the camera position standard until then , which had been , roughly , that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play . 
	 4.Example sentence: The form was swathed in an army blanket , much patched , fastened at the neck with a cord . 

Frequency of Synset('specify.v.02'): 33  (decide upon or fix definitely)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? 
	 2.Example sentence: When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 4.Example sentence: The commands are specified by the military regulations ; are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . 

Frequency of Synset('cook.v.02'): 29  (prepare for eating by applying heat)
	 1.Example sentence: Because they prepare their own meals they also keep in their pockets a good portion of that $ 10.50 food bill along with most of the tip money . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Johnny insisted on cooking a chicken dinner in my honor - he 's always been a good cook - and I 'll never forget him cleaning the chicken in the tub '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was readying a batch of sourdough biscuits for the Dutch oven . 
	 4.Example sentence: Douglass prepared his sample of **f by thermal decomposition of aqueous chromic acid at 300 - 325 ` C . 

Frequency of Synset('pay_back.v.02'): 17  (take vengeance on or get even)
	 1.Example sentence: George said , `` First thing I do when I get to Vicksburg again , is get me a Yankee '' - 
	 2.Example sentence: This so infuriated Deegan that he spun around and said : `` I 'll get that little bastard . 
	 3.Example sentence: So help me God , I 'll get him '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Jee - sus , We Fixed him ! 

Frequency of Synset('fix.v.12'): 49  (make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus at the same time that William Henry Harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe , Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thorpe came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty . 
	 4.Example sentence: They found it at the junction between Troops H and G , and prepared to counterattack . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('following.s.02.next')
Frequency of Synset('following.s.02'): 105  (immediately following in time or order)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England . 
	 3.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 
	 4.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 

Frequency of Synset('adjacent.s.01'): 28  (nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining without intervening space)
	 1.Example sentence: It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum , next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence . 
	 2.Example sentence: He dashed madly for the next elbow turn in the draw , and made it . 
	 3.Example sentence: In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . 
	 4.Example sentence: Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('moment.n.01.moment')
Frequency of Synset('moment.n.01'): 78  (a particular point in time)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world 's giants . 
	 3.Example sentence: If he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested , he had his answer a moment later . 
	 4.Example sentence: The long minute before he reached effective cover seemed endless . 

Frequency of Synset('moment.n.02'): 43  (an indefinitely short time)
	 1.Example sentence: Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope waning by the moment . 
	 2.Example sentence: Because , if for no other reason , Willings would never for a moment suppose he was not bigger , tougher , than anything else that went on two legs . 
	 3.Example sentence: For a moment he thought of going into Crosson 's office to explain that he had to leave , but there was now such a pain in his chest , such a pounding in his head , that he decided to let it go . 
	 4.Example sentence: And he knew in that moment , with a cold sinking of despair , a dying of old hopes , that Mae had spread some kind of word there among the neighbors . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('half.s.01.half')
Frequency of Synset('half.s.01'): 19  (consisting of one of two equivalent parts in value or quantity)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: I 'll be soaking for at least half an hour '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pat saw Gyp Carmer staggering forward , a half filled bottle upraised as if to strike . 
	 4.Example sentence: But he was more than half drunk , and his faculties were dulled . 

Frequency of Synset('half.s.02'): 11  (partial)
	 1.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 2.Example sentence: Across the front of a yard and down the side , they were iron , either spiked along the top or arched in half circles . 
	 3.Example sentence: As they looked with nostalgia to a society which had been swept away , they were probably no more than half conscious that they painted in colors which had never existed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Not through fear of disobeying orders , as Eichmann kept trying to explain , but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half acceptance of the vicious absurdities contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of Hitler 's victories into a permanent light mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal , and the more outrageous the better , `` Well , let 's try it '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('tell.v.07.tell')
Frequency of Synset('state.v.01'): 1947  (express in words)
	 1.Example sentence: `` That damn door '' , said the police chief . 
	 2.Example sentence: He scooped up the receiver and said , `` Police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` Oh yes , Mr. Benson . 
	 3.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 4.Example sentence: At last he said , `` Well , thank you for calling , Mr. Benson . 

Frequency of Synset('tell.v.02'): 172  (let something be known)
	 1.Example sentence: He said that he had already told the police chief that he did n't know what insurance man had recommended Johnston to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 2.Example sentence: We were told that to the Pathet Lao , a kidnaped American was worth at least $ 750 , a fortune in Laos . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I really do have something important to tell you , Mr. Scott . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Tell me about the murder '' . 

Frequency of Synset('tell.v.03'): 77  (narrate or give a detailed account of)
	 1.Example sentence: The young poet painter reproduces the French life of the streets ; he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights , and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus . 
	 2.Example sentence: I could tell you of plenty narrow escapes , but we take no notice of them now '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all . 
	 4.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 

Frequency of Synset('order.v.01'): 83  (give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority)
	 1.Example sentence: Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so . 
	 3.Example sentence: Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so . 
	 4.Example sentence: Who told you to do it ? 

Frequency of Synset('tell.v.05'): 21  (discern or comprehend)
	 1.Example sentence: At first glance , not much of a motive for a man of his standing ; but for all his air of affluence , who could tell what his private financial picture was ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are . 
	 3.Example sentence: We can soon tell '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: When Siamese cats are intertwined it is difficult to tell where one leaves off and another begins . 

Frequency of Synset('assure.v.02'): 11  (inform positively and with certainty and confidence)
	 1.Example sentence: Seemingly , with an unrestricted flow of ideas , all will be well , and we are even assured that `` an idea a day will keep the sheriff away '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which , properly handled , would , he had assured him , turn into a workbench . 
	 3.Example sentence: This combined experience , on a foundation of very average , I assure you , intelligence and background , has helped me do things many well-informed people would bet heavily against . 
	 4.Example sentence: He tried to tell himself that maybe Burton had sobered up enough to get some sense . 

Frequency of Synset('distinguish.v.01'): 29  (mark as different)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? 
	 2.Example sentence: It was , too , an optimistic philosophy , and , though it separated law from morality , it was by no means an immoral or amoral one . 
	 3.Example sentence: Man , we are told , is endowed with reason and is capable of distinguishing good from bad . 
	 4.Example sentence: What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast self enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non Jewish world . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('ask.v.01.inquire')
Frequency of Synset('ask.v.01'): 243  (inquire about)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund . 
	 2.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ask Mr. Keo '' . 

Frequency of Synset('wonder.v.01'): 49  (have a wish or desire to know something)
	 1.Example sentence: We flew in rickety planes so overloaded that we wondered why they did n't crash . 
	 2.Example sentence: I wonder if the Carters would take one . 
	 3.Example sentence: he wondered . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I think I 'll sleep in this morning '' , she said drowsily , and as she snuggled against him , he wondered if she ever went to church . 

Frequency of Synset('investigate.v.02'): 11  (conduct an inquiry or investigation of)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to make Jess talk , and he had to do it before Stacey Black got curious and came to investigate . 
	 2.Example sentence: Today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases , but his primary function remains what it has always been , to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whatever his original assignment , the fictional private eye ends up by investigating and solving a crime , usually a murder . 
	 4.Example sentence: Once Todman thought he had spotted a tank and went down to investigate while Greg covered him . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('target.n.01.mark')
Frequency of Synset('mark.n.01'): 23  (a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance))
	 1.Example sentence: For purposes of sample selection only ( individual tests were given later ) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third grade population in each school system . 
	 2.Example sentence: Children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third grade school population were considered under-achievers for the purposes of sample selection . 
	 3.Example sentence: The final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores . 
	 4.Example sentence: Scores are stated in grade equivalents on a national norm . 

Frequency of Synset('sign.n.01'): 17  (a perceptible indication of something not immediately apparent (as a visible clue that something has happened))
	 1.Example sentence: There was no sign of Mrs. Lauren Payne at her house on Nod Road , Ridgefield , Connecticut . 
	 2.Example sentence: The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was no real sign of the river now , just a roiling , oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: His wife did n't give a sign she 'd heard . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('talk.v.01.talk')
Frequency of Synset('talk.v.01'): 152  (exchange thoughts; talk with)
	 1.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 2.Example sentence: He thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the eve of his return to their native Naxos he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection . 
	 4.Example sentence: They talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body . 

Frequency of Synset('talk.v.02'): 87  (express in speech)
	 1.Example sentence: Up spoke carpenter Staffe , who said he would n't give ten pounds to be home . 
	 2.Example sentence: The young man spoke steadily enough , but all at once he looked grotesquely unshaven . 
	 3.Example sentence: Neither spoke till they reached their horses . 
	 4.Example sentence: Harris J. Griston , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' . 

Frequency of Synset('speak.v.03'): 29  (use language)
	 1.Example sentence: `` You talk so well , Carla '' , he went on . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` That was Tee-wah I was talking . 
	 3.Example sentence: One of the ironies of the present crusade for Christian unity is that there are not , relatively speaking , many real Christians to unite . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hal , the linguist , saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('away.r.01.away')
Frequency of Synset('away.r.01'): 60  (from a particular thing or place or position (`forth' is obsolete))
	 1.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The letters which poured forth from camps were usually written under adverse circumstances . 
	 4.Example sentence: His Highness had decided only two hours ago to go out of town , and he was eager to be off . 

Frequency of Synset('away.r.02'): 18  (from one's possession)
	 1.Example sentence: Stevens was grunting over the last empty pocket when Russ abruptly rose and lunged toward Carmer 's hat , which had tumbled half-a-dozen feet away when he first fell . 
	 2.Example sentence: A slug had torn half of his stirrup guard away . 
	 3.Example sentence: He lurched drunkenly to his feet , lowered his head , and took one step away from the wall . 
	 4.Example sentence: She yanked away from him furiously . 

Frequency of Synset('aside.r.02'): 15  (out of the way (especially away from one's thoughts))
	 1.Example sentence: Feverishly , he tried to brush away this intuition . 
	 2.Example sentence: The old nightmare which had caused him so many wakeful hours came charging in on him once more , only this time he could n't pacify it with a sleeping pill and send it away . 
	 3.Example sentence: O ' Banion tucked away his gun and walked out of the theatre ; he was neither prosecuted nor even arrested . 
	 4.Example sentence: Everything else is closed away . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('inclination.n.01.tendency')
Frequency of Synset('inclination.n.01'): 13  (an attitude of mind especially one that favors one alternative over others)
	 1.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: There has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance . 
	 4.Example sentence: The tendency is toward putting dominant stress at the end . 

Frequency of Synset('tendency.n.04'): 18  (a general direction in which something tends to move)
	 1.Example sentence: It was observed in the introductory chapter that metropolitan life had split into two trends - expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing exclusiveness in local communal groupings . 
	 2.Example sentence: These trends seem to be working at cross-purposes in the metropolis . 
	 3.Example sentence: The motifs of impersonal interdependence and insulation of residential communities have polarized ; the schism between central city and suburb , Negro and White , blue collar and white collar can be viewed as symptomatic of this deeper polarization of trends in the metropolis . 
	 4.Example sentence: An important recent trend is the development of area vocational schools . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hypothesis.n.02.theory')
Frequency of Synset('theory.n.01'): 48  (a well-substantiated explanation of some aspect of the natural world; an organized system of accepted knowledge that applies in a variety of circumstances to explain a specific set of phenomena)
	 1.Example sentence: It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory of international law , which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in Europe and America , broke this unity and this universality . 

Frequency of Synset('hypothesis.n.02'): 29  (a tentative insight into the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena)
	 1.Example sentence: They discussed this possibility . 
	 2.Example sentence: He would offer no theory to account for her murder . 
	 3.Example sentence: According to the new theories , the nineteenth century corporate sovereign was `` sovereign '' in a quite new and different sense from his historical predecessors . 
	 4.Example sentence: He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('decide.v.01.decide')
Frequency of Synset('decide.v.01'): 130  (reach, make, or come to a decision about something)
	 1.Example sentence: It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable by-product of murder , led to Garth 's door . 
	 2.Example sentence: Instead of quelling the dissension , as many captains of the era would have done ( Sir Francis Drake lopped a man 's head off under similar circumstances ) , Hudson decided to be reasonable . 
	 3.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 

Frequency of Synset('decide.v.02'): 21  (bring to an end; settle conclusively)
	 1.Example sentence: The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England . 
	 2.Example sentence: Debate is not likely to resolve the tensions and make the lot of the stepchild a happier one . 
	 3.Example sentence: I knew that a conversation with the author would not settle such questions , because a man is not the same as his writing : in the last analysis , the questions had to be settled by the work itself . 
	 4.Example sentence: I knew that a conversation with the author would not settle such questions , because a man is not the same as his writing : in the last analysis , the questions had to be settled by the work itself . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('lead.v.01.lead')
Frequency of Synset('lead.v.01'): 121  (take somebody somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable by-product of murder , led to Garth 's door . 
	 3.Example sentence: He took Madden into the room he used as an office . 
	 4.Example sentence: I guided her to the divan , turned off the TV , faced her . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.07'): 88  (have as a result or residue)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 4.Example sentence: We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner 's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it . 

Frequency of Synset('lead.v.03'): 27  (tend to or result in)
	 1.Example sentence: Her impact in the ZING commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series , Underwater Western Eye , a documentary type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits . 
	 2.Example sentence: These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top , six directly under him , six under each of these , and so on until there are six levels of personnel . 
	 3.Example sentence: Roleplaying used for analysis follows these general steps leading to training . 
	 4.Example sentence: These data lead to a structure in which sheets of Cr atoms lie between two sheets of O atoms . 

Frequency of Synset('lead.v.04'): 19  (travel in front of; go in advance of others)
	 1.Example sentence: Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York , New York , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14 - 1 2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14 - 1 2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary . 
	 2.Example sentence: Greg himself took two flights , with Todman leading the second , to patrol and look for targets of opportunities around Ormoc on the east coast of Leyte . 
	 3.Example sentence: He hesitated for a moment when Michelangelo asked him to disrobe , so Michelangelo gave him a piece of toweling to wrap around his loins , led him to the kitchen to take off his clothes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Slowly , like a man grown old , he took Eli 's hand and led him below to the tower study , guiding him to a chair beside the little hearth where a fire still burned . 

Frequency of Synset('lead.v.05'): 17  (cause to undertake a certain action)
	 1.Example sentence: The long road that had taken liberals in this country into the social religion of democracy , into a worship of man , led logically to the Marxist dream of a classless society under a Socialist State . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , in this case the district manager was led to see the errors of his ways . 
	 3.Example sentence: The x-ray data did not permit Douglass to determine uniquely the space group , but a negative test for piezoelectricity led him to assume a center of symmetry . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the audience a man named Ferguson lost his head and tried to rescue a little girl from the mob , on the same principle which had led Miss Harris to demand water . 

Frequency of Synset('run.v.03'): 67  (stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point)
	 1.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 2.Example sentence: There 's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
	 4.Example sentence: A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . 

Frequency of Synset('head.v.02'): 30  (be in charge of)
	 1.Example sentence: John , an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics , headed the rural development division of USOM , the United States Operations Mission administering U. S. aid . 
	 2.Example sentence: To perpetuate wealth control led by small groups of individuals who played no role in its creation prevents those with real initiative from coming to the fore , and is basically anti democratic . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could lead a patrol and he knew his paper work . 
	 4.Example sentence: Shaw and Skorich headed a group of players , coaches and team officials who received an engrossed copy of an official city citation and a pair of silver cufflinks shaped like a football . 

Frequency of Synset('contribute.v.03'): 22  (be conducive to)
	 1.Example sentence: Several factors contributed to this change . 
	 2.Example sentence: A number of other nineteenth century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; that is , from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states . 
	 3.Example sentence: Her impact in the ZING commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series , Underwater Western Eye , a documentary type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits . 
	 4.Example sentence: How could supplying Eichmann with a platform on which to maintain that one could collaborate in the murder of millions of Jews without being an anti-Semite contribute to a verdict against anti-Semitism ? 

Frequency of Synset('conduct.v.02'): 42  (lead, as in the performance of a composition)
	 1.Example sentence: I heard the Classical Symphony for the first time when Koussevitzky conducted it in Paris in 1927 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Chicago was also a welcome host : there , in 1921 , Prokofieff conducted the world premiere of the Love for Three Oranges , and played the first performance of his Third Piano Concerto . 
	 3.Example sentence: Unlike the Sicilians , he additionally conducted holdups , robberies , and safe cracking expeditions , and refused to touch prostitution . 
	 4.Example sentence: Chandler left Carroll at the bottom of the hill to direct any reinforcements he could find to the fight . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('check.v.01.look_into')
Frequency of Synset('investigate.v.01'): 16  (investigate scientifically)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , he made a mental note to look into Garth 's financial background . 
	 3.Example sentence: This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated , although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient specialists of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss , for example , in precision machinery and mathematics , or the Finns in geochemistry . 
	 4.Example sentence: This problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis . 

Frequency of Synset('check.v.01'): 27  (examine so as to determine accuracy, quality, or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check your cafeteria location to make sure it 's convenient for most employees . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nevertheless , he made a mental note to look into Garth 's financial background . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('address.n.02.address')
Frequency of Synset('address.n.01'): 21  ((computer science) the code that identifies where a piece of information is stored)
	 1.Example sentence: When an occurrence * * f is isolated during text reading , a random memory address * * f , the address of a cell in the X-region , is computed from the form of * * f . 
	 2.Example sentence: When an occurrence * * f is isolated during text reading , a random memory address * * f , the address of a cell in the X-region , is computed from the form of * * f . 
	 3.Example sentence: The address * * f and the number of cells required to store the form are written in * * f ; the information cell * * f is saved to represent the text occurrence . 
	 4.Example sentence: When this situation exists , the address * * f will equal * * f which was produced from * * f . 

Frequency of Synset('address.n.03'): 16  (the act of delivering a formal spoken communication to an audience)
	 1.Example sentence: The Prime Minister paid his respects to the Buddhist monks , strode rapidly among the houses , joked with the local soldiery , and made a speech . 
	 2.Example sentence: A successful businessman recently prefaced his address to a luncheon group with the statement that all economists should be sent to the hospitals for the mentally deranged where they and their theories might rot together . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus in Mary wrote an account of the trip first strong stress on Mary marks Mary as the first in a series of people who wrote accounts of the trip , strong stress on wrote marks the writing as the first of a series of actions of Mary 's concerned with an account of her trip ( about which she may later have made speeches , for example ) , and strong stress on trip makes the trip the first of a series of subjects about which Mary wrote accounts . 
	 4.Example sentence: The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the Secretary or the President , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference , a speech by a Senator or Congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad , et cetera , ad infinitum . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('populate.v.01.live')
Frequency of Synset('populate.v.01'): 138  (inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of)
	 1.Example sentence: He lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old , a reclaimed island of landscaped brick and glass on the fringe of the business district . 
	 2.Example sentence: To starboard was a cape a thousand feet high , patched with ice and snow , populated by thousands of screaming sea birds . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` There is a spark dwells deep within my soul . 
	 4.Example sentence: This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . 

Frequency of Synset('live.v.02'): 51  (lead a certain kind of life; live in a certain style)
	 1.Example sentence: I lived in this onward driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` What matters here is family loyalty ; faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the phis , the spirits ; and to live in harmony with nature '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction . 
	 4.Example sentence: The most important aims of the Jewish students were as follows : to make the world a better place to live in - 30 per cent ; to get happiness for yourself - 28 per cent ; and financial independence - 21 per cent . 

Frequency of Synset('survive.v.01'): 60  (continue to live through hardship or adversity)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Where there was no road , they lived without one . 
	 3.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 

Frequency of Synset('exist.v.02'): 25  (support oneself)
	 1.Example sentence: Part-time farming gives a measure of security if the regular job is lost , provided the farm is owned free of debt and furnishes enough income to meet fixed expenses and minimum living costs . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other experts say , however , that if sexual domination by one or the other partner exists for longer than a brief period , it is likely to shake the marriage . 
	 3.Example sentence: To have someday that love returned was what he had lived for . 
	 4.Example sentence: The third credit service , Banks for Cooperatives , exists under authority of the Farm Credit Act of 1933 . 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.11'): 15  (have life, be alive)
	 1.Example sentence: For fifty-five years he had lived , progressing towards a no-goal , eating , working , breathing without plan , without reason . 
	 2.Example sentence: He had lived all his life waiting for her . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the American `` hardboiled '' detective story of the ' 20 s and ' 30 s , the spirit of the mad genius from Baker Street lives on . 
	 4.Example sentence: Had More 's writings been wholly limited to such exercises , they would be almost as dimly remembered as those of a dozen or so other authors living in his time , whose works tenuously survive in the minds of the few hundred scholars who each decade in pursuit of their very specialized occasions read those works . 

Frequency of Synset('know.v.05'): 25  (have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: Those ten days were like no others that Blanche had known . 
	 3.Example sentence: All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved . 
	 4.Example sentence: Marketing in the new decade will be no picnic - for the sixties will present possibly the most intense competitive activity that you have experienced in the last 20 - 25 yr. . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('glass.n.01.glass')
Frequency of Synset('glass.n.01'): 22  (a brittle transparent solid with irregular atomic structure)
	 1.Example sentence: He lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old , a reclaimed island of landscaped brick and glass on the fringe of the business district . 
	 2.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: On the glass partition between me and the driver were three signs : 

Frequency of Synset('glass.n.02'): 12  (a container for holding liquids while drinking)
	 1.Example sentence: Two men murmured with their heads together at the end of the bar , while the sleek headed bartender absently polished a glass . 
	 2.Example sentence: As they waited for supper they sat by the fire , glasses in hand , while Byron philosophized as much for his own entertainment as hers . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was a glass pane in the front door , and through this he could see into a hallway where a plump woman with red hair was arranging flowers . 
	 4.Example sentence: She laughed a little and tossed the dregs rakishly around in her glass . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('floor.n.02.floor')
Frequency of Synset('floor.n.01'): 37  (the inside lower horizontal surface (as of a room, hallway, tent, or other structure))
	 1.Example sentence: The front windows of the place were long and narrow , reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior . 
	 2.Example sentence: The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . 
	 3.Example sentence: Would he have to clean up after her every day , clean the kitchen , the bathroom , and get down on his knees and scrub the kitchen floor , then hang up her dresses , pick up her stockings , make the bed while she lay around ? 
	 4.Example sentence: They lay on the cellar floor in a disorderly pile . 

Frequency of Synset('floor.n.02'): 23  (a structure consisting of a room or set of rooms at a single position along a vertical scale)
	 1.Example sentence: He occupied a two bedroom apartment on the fourth floor , using the second bedroom as his office . 
	 2.Example sentence: Men blew dust on objects in a room on the seventeenth floor of the Hotel Dumont and blew it off again , and did the same in a tiny , almost airless room in a tenement in the West Forties . 
	 3.Example sentence: His rage had built up as he made his way here from the second floor , helped by the quantity of champagne he had consumed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Wide windows with many small leaded panes swept across the upper stories . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('room.n.01.room')
Frequency of Synset('room.n.01'): 112  (an area within a building enclosed by walls and floor and ceiling)
	 1.Example sentence: In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by Thayer , who could charge off one room on his expense account . 
	 2.Example sentence: He took Madden into the room he used as an office . 
	 3.Example sentence: To my room ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Small rooms , probably for cards , opened off on either side . 

Frequency of Synset('room.n.02'): 17  (space for movement)
	 1.Example sentence: The valley was only a few hundred yards wide with just about room enough for a properly performed hundred-and-eighty degree turn . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was not enough room to make the usual vertical bomb run . 
	 3.Example sentence: It gives them room to play and plenty of fresh air . 
	 4.Example sentence: These areas by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('incorporate.v.02.contain')
Frequency of Synset('incorporate.v.02'): 118  (include or contain; have as a component)
	 1.Example sentence: It contained a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather armchairs . 
	 2.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 3.Example sentence: In May , 1803 , Ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy . 
	 4.Example sentence: Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.11'): 47  (contain or hold; have within)
	 1.Example sentence: His head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment , much less a corps . 
	 2.Example sentence: What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor 's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes - and handbag containing her identification . 
	 3.Example sentence: Surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in 15 - and 25 - liter metallic storage dewars . 
	 4.Example sentence: He looked thoughtfully at his wife 's trunk , holding her meager treasures . 

Frequency of Synset('control.v.02'): 28  (lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits)
	 1.Example sentence: These were to be kept on , to hold in the 32 souls . 
	 2.Example sentence: But both were high-spirited and vivacious , both had tempers to control , both loved languages , especially English and German , both were good teachers and wrote for publication . 
	 3.Example sentence: Distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties - and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The trouble with you '' , old man Arthur began , and then checked himself . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('newspaper.n.03.newspaper')
Frequency of Synset('newspaper.n.01'): 40  (a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articles and advertisements)
	 1.Example sentence: `` No , I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here , and when it happened all I could think of was - '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The merits of the Salk anti polio vaccine were not established on the forensic platform or in newspaper editorials , but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are boxed proclamations in the newspaper of watchings , pinnings , ringings , engagements , and marriages in a scrupulously graded hierarchy of felicity . 
	 4.Example sentence: Under her father 's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience . 

Frequency of Synset('newspaper.n.02'): 15  (a business firm that publishes newspapers)
	 1.Example sentence: And the school newspaper sells space to jubilant fraternities , sororities , and houses ( in the House Plan Association ) that have good news to impart . 
	 2.Example sentence: He then got a job with the Chicago Herald-Examiner as a circulation slugger , a rough fighter employed to see that his paper 's news pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors . 
	 3.Example sentence: The shooting development program of the Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufacturers ' Institute has successfully published these facts in all major outdoor magazines , many national weeklies and the trade papers . 
	 4.Example sentence: Other THC activities followed , conducted by shopping centers , department stores , recreation equipment dealers , radio - TV stations , newspapers , and other organizations interested in the need existing to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and appreciations related to hunting and wise use of our natural resources . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('report.n.03.report')
Frequency of Synset('report.n.01'): 56  (a written document describing the findings of some individual or group)
	 1.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 3.Example sentence: Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer 's notes and report , especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of Justice 's recommendation to the appeal board . 
	 4.Example sentence: Petitioner was not entitled , either in the administrative hearing at the Department of Justice or at his trial , to inspect the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , since he was furnished a resume of it , did not challenge its accuracy , and showed no particular need for the original report . 

Frequency of Synset('report.n.03'): 17  (a short account of the news)
	 1.Example sentence: A newspaper open at stock-market reports lay on one of them . 
	 2.Example sentence: But what was the story ? 
	 3.Example sentence: A recent newspaper report said there were five Negroes in the 1960 graduating class of nearly one thousand at Yale ; that is , about one-half of one per cent , which looks pretty `` tokenish '' to me , especially in an institution which professes to be `` national '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: While accounts of the progress of the tsunami came in from various points in the Pacific ( Midway reported it was covered with nine feet of water ) , the Hawaiian station made its calculations and notified the military services and the police that the first big wave would arrive at Honolulu at 23 : 30 Greenwich time . 

Frequency of Synset('composition.n.08'): 21  (an essay (especially one written as an assignment))
	 1.Example sentence: Dr. A. V. Astin , NBS Director , opened the 5 - day session with introductory remarks , following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by NBS scientists , from both the Washington and Boulder Laboratories . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second explanation is suggested by the material described in Rowlands ' paper . 
	 3.Example sentence: One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : 
	 4.Example sentence: But it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('lie.v.01.lie')
Frequency of Synset('lie.v.01'): 70  (be located or situated somewhere; occupy a certain position)
	 1.Example sentence: A newspaper open at stock-market reports lay on one of them . 
	 2.Example sentence: A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . 
	 3.Example sentence: Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . 
	 4.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 

Frequency of Synset('lie.v.02'): 48  (be lying, be prostrate; be in a horizontal position)
	 1.Example sentence: A few yards beyond the group of men , a man 's nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green dichondra . 
	 2.Example sentence: He had never heard so many bells , and as he lay there listening , he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps . 
	 3.Example sentence: The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain . 
	 4.Example sentence: Kitti would lie in it no more . 

Frequency of Synset('dwell.v.02'): 22  (originate (in))
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not in Eichmann 's anti-Semitism but in the anti-Semitism of the sober German man of affairs lay the potential warning of the Trial . 
	 3.Example sentence: Or , equally often , a concretistic seeming , particularistic seeming statement may consist , with its mundane exterior , in a form of poetry - may be full of meaning and emotion when interpreted as a figurative expression : a metaphor , a simile , an allegory , or some other symbolic mode of speaking . 
	 4.Example sentence: Perhaps a clue to these and related problems lies in the fact that changes in the intensity of hypothalamic discharges which are associated with changes in its balance lead also to qualitative alterations in reactivity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('transport.v.02.carry')
Frequency of Synset('transport.v.02'): 64  (move while supporting, either in a vehicle or in one's hands or on one's body)
	 1.Example sentence: She carried , besides her captain , a crew of twenty-one and provisions for a voyage of exploration of the Arctic waters of North America . 
	 2.Example sentence: He went to his cabin and emerged carrying a large chart , which he set up in view of the crew . 
	 3.Example sentence: The guns are fired , the hymns are sung , and the body of Charles is carried down to the vault and laid beside the tombs of his ancestors . 
	 4.Example sentence: Like , for example , a man carrying a twenty-two rifle , probably with a telescopic sight attached ? 

Frequency of Synset('carry.v.02'): 37  (have with oneself; have on one's person)
	 1.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 
	 3.Example sentence: He carried three guns - one in the right trouser pocket , one under his left armpit , one in the left outside coat pocket - and was equally lethal with both hands . 
	 4.Example sentence: Each plane carried two five-hundred pound bombs . 

Frequency of Synset('impart.v.03'): 11  (transmit or serve as the medium for transmission)
	 1.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Information beyond nearest neighbor is carried second - , third - , and fourth hand as a distortable rumor . 
	 3.Example sentence: Questions and , particularly , exclamations are usually channeled along informal , horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor . 
	 4.Example sentence: Questions and , particularly , exclamations are usually channeled along informal , horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor . 

Frequency of Synset('carry.v.04'): 31  (serve as a means for expressing something)
	 1.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 2.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 3.Example sentence: This is , no doubt , inaccurate , but it does convey how isolated she feels among the vast army of the nonobservant . 
	 4.Example sentence: For both Plato and Aristotle artistic mimesis , in contrast to the power of dialectic , is relatively incapable of expressing the character of fundamental reality . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.11'): 47  (contain or hold; have within)
	 1.Example sentence: His head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment , much less a corps . 
	 2.Example sentence: What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor 's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes - and handbag containing her identification . 
	 3.Example sentence: Surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in 15 - and 25 - liter metallic storage dewars . 
	 4.Example sentence: He looked thoughtfully at his wife 's trunk , holding her meager treasures . 

Frequency of Synset('carry.v.23'): 20  (win approval or support for)
	 1.Example sentence: I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed . 
	 2.Example sentence: But Stravinsky was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was reflecting . 
	 3.Example sentence: Selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to Red River where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile Northwest Company which resented the intrusion of farmers into the fur traders ' empire . 
	 4.Example sentence: The men did not object to his sketching them while they went about their work , but no one could be persuaded to come to his studio to pose . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('master.n.07.captain')
Frequency of Synset('captain.n.01'): 11  (an officer holding a rank below a major but above a lieutenant)
	 1.Example sentence: Even the officer in charge , be it a captain ( for small display ) or a general , is restrained by monitoring . 
	 2.Example sentence: He fed the captain bits of history about the troops and the regiment . 
	 3.Example sentence: I want the captain in charge . 
	 4.Example sentence: Will you call that captain '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('captain.n.02'): 14  (the naval officer in command of a military ship)
	 1.Example sentence: Philip Spencer had cold-bloodedly planned the murder of his captain , yet it seemed in order to chide him for a lapse of proper address . 
	 2.Example sentence: The two met in the Captain 's cabin . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` What is the next step , Captain '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: There was a tap at the door and Oliver entered with the word that Heiser wished to see the Captain . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('body_of_water.n.01.water')
Frequency of Synset('water.n.01'): 126  (binary compound that occurs at room temperature as a clear colorless odorless tasteless liquid; freezes into ice below 0 degrees centigrade and boils above 100 degrees centigrade; widely used as a solvent)
	 1.Example sentence: The water in Thor 's big swimming pool had been covered with a blanket of thick , foamy soapsuds - fashioned , of course , from ZING - Joyce had dived from the board into the pool , then swirled and cavorted in her luxurious `` bath '' while cameras rolled . 
	 2.Example sentence: The man shoved him into the water , then ran past the cabana . 
	 3.Example sentence: As I went out , I could hear water pouring in the shower . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hot water . 

Frequency of Synset('body_of_water.n.01'): 40  (the part of the earth's surface covered with water (such as a river or lake or ocean))
	 1.Example sentence: She carried , besides her captain , a crew of twenty-one and provisions for a voyage of exploration of the Arctic waters of North America . 
	 2.Example sentence: Each time his objective had been the same - a direct water passage from Western Europe to the Far East . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ahead were perilous , ice filled waters . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('get_down.v.07.start')
Frequency of Synset('get_down.v.07'): 436  (take the first step or steps in carrying out an action)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth 's glance began to flicker to his watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 4.Example sentence: The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman . 

Frequency of Synset('begin.v.03'): 76  (set in motion, cause to start)
	 1.Example sentence: The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university . 
	 2.Example sentence: To secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 
	 4.Example sentence: And they sat down and began their little coffee party . 

Frequency of Synset('depart.v.03'): 20  (leave)
	 1.Example sentence: Hitching his cartridge belt around , Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side . 
	 2.Example sentence: Looking the setup over , Stevens started coolly for the rear of the place . 
	 3.Example sentence: Clapping spurs to the bronc he set off at a sharp canter , with growing alarm . 
	 4.Example sentence: Vastly relieved , Summers nodded and started toward the door . 

Frequency of Synset('begin.v.02'): 71  (have a beginning, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense)
	 1.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Begin to look like him now , would you say ? 
	 3.Example sentence: When Siamese cats are intertwined it is difficult to tell where one leaves off and another begins . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I do n't know , Mr. Brenner '' , he said haltingly , beginning to get an inkling of Brenner 's plans . 

Frequency of Synset('originate.v.02'): 29  (bring into being)
	 1.Example sentence: `` That 's what started all the trouble in the first place . 
	 2.Example sentence: Similar measurements are being initiated to resolve a large discrepancy in the heat of formation of another important combustion product , beryllium fluoride . 
	 3.Example sentence: Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he had n't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he had n't found it . 
	 4.Example sentence: The planter aristocracy has appeared in literature at least since John Pendleton Kennedy published Swallow-Barn in 1832 and in his genial portrait of Frank Meriwether presiding over his plantation dominion initiated the most persistent tradition of Southern literature . 

Frequency of Synset('start.v.06'): 14  (get off the ground)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , in the last few years , a number of programs which looked very promising at the time their development was commenced have since been completely eliminated . 
	 2.Example sentence: This project was started at a time when there was a critical need for a high energy fuel to provide an extra margin of range for high performance aircraft , particularly our heavy bombers . 
	 3.Example sentence: At about the time the Marsden enterprise was getting under way , the Vail Light and Lumber Company started construction of a chair stock factory on the site of the present Bennington Co-operative Creamery , intending to use its surplus power for generating electricity . 
	 4.Example sentence: This operation was started at 5 : 00 p.m. and lasted for 29 minutes . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('happen.v.02.happen')
Frequency of Synset('happen.v.01'): 227  (come to pass)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson 's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 

Frequency of Synset('happen.v.02'): 20  (happen, occur, or be the case in the course of events or by chance; ;  (Santayana))
	 1.Example sentence: What happened to the fourteen missing men ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Lublin generally was the forerunner of what would happen elsewhere . 
	 3.Example sentence: It just did n't occur to Trig that anything serious would happen to him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Let me tell you what happened to me today . 

Frequency of Synset('happen.v.03'): 17  (chance to be or do something, without intention or causation)
	 1.Example sentence: At this lecture Oersted happened to place the conducting wire over and parallel to a magnetic needle . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Happened to be in the hall ! 
	 3.Example sentence: Happened to hear you quarrel about her ! 
	 4.Example sentence: In order to exonerate himself , he is compelled to find the real criminal , who happens to be his girl friend . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.01'): 165  (come upon, as if by accident; meet with)
	 1.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 2.Example sentence: But since 1927 , researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information . 
	 3.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('question.n.01.question')
Frequency of Synset('question.n.01'): 76  (an instance of questioning)
	 1.Example sentence: These questions have remained one of the great sea mysteries of all time . 
	 2.Example sentence: From Go ^ ttingen ( 1801 ) where he stayed for 10 days , he wrote , `` The first question asked everywhere is about galvanism . 
	 3.Example sentence: But everyone I met had sought cover first and asked questions later . 
	 4.Example sentence: I grinned , but ignored the question . 

Frequency of Synset('question.n.02'): 45  (the subject matter at issue)
	 1.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 
	 2.Example sentence: We granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: A crucial question , therefore , is what evangelism and mission actually mean in metropolitan Protestantism . 
	 4.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 

Frequency of Synset('doubt.n.02'): 11  (uncertainty about the truth or factuality or existence of something)
	 1.Example sentence: His claim was therefore `` so highly exaggerated '' , the Department concluded , that it `` cast doubt upon his veracity and , consequently , upon his sincerity and good faith '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was no question of that . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the beginning of the play she has partial illumination and at the end she has complete illumination , but there has been no question but that she moves toward the dark . 
	 4.Example sentence: The question would also be removed if we believed in the contrary - total salvation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('remain.v.03.remain')
Frequency of Synset('stay.v.01'): 164  (stay the same; remain in a certain state)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job . 
	 2.Example sentence: His earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life . 
	 3.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` What matters here is family loyalty ; faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the phis , the spirits ; and to live in harmony with nature '' . 

Frequency of Synset('stay.v.04'): 45  (continue in a place, position, or situation)
	 1.Example sentence: Hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he remained an explorer . 
	 2.Example sentence: The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England . 
	 3.Example sentence: To many a Frenchman - they came 95 years ago , colonized , and stayed until Laos became independent in 1953 - the land had been even more delightfully tranquil than Tahiti . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was evident that a captain should remain at his desk , directing with a firm hand and keeping a firm seat . 

Frequency of Synset('remain.v.03'): 34  (be left; of persons, questions, problems, results, evidence, etc.)
	 1.Example sentence: These questions have remained one of the great sea mysteries of all time . 
	 2.Example sentence: But there remained one mysterious , unexplored gap , far to the north . 
	 3.Example sentence: The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need . 
	 4.Example sentence: Her words remained with him , worrying him for hours . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('history.n.02.account')
Frequency of Synset('history.n.02'): 37  (a record or narrative description of past events)
	 1.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 3.Example sentence: He gives us an account of this in his lively and humorous poem , `` The Happy Artists '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is different with his volume The Swedes and Their Chieftains ( Svenskarna och deras ho ^ vdingar ) , a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students . 

Frequency of Synset('report.n.03'): 17  (a short account of the news)
	 1.Example sentence: A newspaper open at stock-market reports lay on one of them . 
	 2.Example sentence: But what was the story ? 
	 3.Example sentence: A recent newspaper report said there were five Negroes in the 1960 graduating class of nearly one thousand at Yale ; that is , about one-half of one per cent , which looks pretty `` tokenish '' to me , especially in an institution which professes to be `` national '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: While accounts of the progress of the tsunami came in from various points in the Pacific ( Midway reported it was covered with nine feet of water ) , the Hawaiian station made its calculations and notified the military services and the police that the first big wave would arrive at Honolulu at 23 : 30 Greenwich time . 

Frequency of Synset('explanation.n.01'): 29  (a statement that makes something comprehensible by describing the relevant structure or operation or circumstances etc.)
	 1.Example sentence: A traditional Lao explanation is that the moon was being swallowed by a toad , and the remedy was to make all possible noise , ideally with firearms . 
	 2.Example sentence: No questions , statements , or explanations are permitted - only commands . 
	 3.Example sentence: Had Faith Constable 's explanation of her confidence , so uninvited , been a little thin ? 
	 4.Example sentence: No single explanation is adequate to account for this . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('record.n.05.record')
Frequency of Synset('record.n.01'): 26  (anything (such as a document or a phonograph record or a photograph) providing permanent evidence of or information about past events)
	 1.Example sentence: Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; petitioner was not denied due process ; and his conviction is sustained . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Those were his only interludes behind bars , although he collected four more charges on his police record in 1921 and 1922 , three for burglary and one for robbery . 
	 4.Example sentence: For purposes of sample selection only ( individual tests were given later ) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third grade population in each school system . 

Frequency of Synset('phonograph_record.n.01'): 33  (sound recording consisting of a disk with a continuous groove; used to reproduce music by rotating while a phonograph needle tracks in the groove)
	 1.Example sentence: We attended the premieres of his concertos , symphonies , and suites ; we studied , taught , and performed his piano sonatas , chamber music , gavottes , and marches ; we bought his records and played them in our schools and universities . 
	 2.Example sentence: He has also enjoyed a successful career as an entertainer ( his records have sold in the millions ) and is a sharp businessman . 
	 3.Example sentence: But having lived with the disc for some time now , I find the performance less exciting than either Schnabel 's or Fleisher 's ( whose superb performance with the Budapest Quartet has still to be recorded ) and a good deal less filled with humor than Curzon 's . 
	 4.Example sentence: Aeschbacher 's work is very much akin to Schnabel 's , but the sound on his Decca disc is dated , and you will have a hard time locating a copy of it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('piece.n.05.piece')
Frequency of Synset('piece.n.01'): 16  (a separate part of a whole)
	 1.Example sentence: Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as `` Nameless and Immortal '' , which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language . 
	 2.Example sentence: The fast opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately * * f ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Jap 's propeller flew off in pieces . 
	 4.Example sentence: A large piece of engine cowling vanished . 

Frequency of Synset('piece.n.02'): 13  (an item that is an instance of some type)
	 1.Example sentence: Beccaria had almost stumbled on a lead to the relationship between electricity and magnetism when a discharge from a Leyden jar was sent transversally through a piece of watch spring steel making its ends magnetic . 
	 2.Example sentence: The preparations were elaborate : flowers , candles , incense sticks , rice wine , dozens of delicacies , and pieces of white cotton string . 
	 3.Example sentence: He went down to Mills and Bradley 's Hardware Store and bought a full set of carpenter 's tools , including a rotary power saw and several other pieces of power machinery that Mr. Mills said were essential for babbiting and doweling , whatever they were . 
	 4.Example sentence: She had a cup of something steaming , coffee perhaps , in one hand , a fresh piece of toast in the other . 

Frequency of Synset('part.n.03'): 26  (a portion of a natural object)
	 1.Example sentence: Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as `` Nameless and Immortal '' , which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most of the letters were written in the hubbub of camp , on stumps , pieces of bark , drum heads , or the knee . 
	 3.Example sentence: I suppose you do n't know anything about a piece of two-by-four , either ; one with blood all over it , Arbuckle 's blood '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The spokes were tight again , the iron tires gripped onto the wheels as if of one piece . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('information.n.01.information')
Frequency of Synset('information.n.01'): 99  (a message received and understood)
	 1.Example sentence: But since 1927 , researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information . 
	 2.Example sentence: Great stress is placed on the role that the monitoring of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the network . 
	 3.Example sentence: By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , for convenience we will stick to the idea that information can be classified according to Table 1 . 

Frequency of Synset('information.n.02'): 46  (knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction)
	 1.Example sentence: Under the sponsorship of the Office of Naval Research and the Advanced Research Projects Agency , a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition probabilities . 
	 2.Example sentence: Henrietta was discovering in the process of writing , as the born writer does , not merely a channel for the discharge of accumulated information but a stimulus to the development of the creative powers of observation , insight and intuition . 
	 3.Example sentence: coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; and cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . 
	 4.Example sentence: All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . 

Frequency of Synset('data.n.01'): 76  (a collection of facts from which conclusions may be drawn)
	 1.Example sentence: In the field of the natural sciences , scientifically verified data are quite readily available and any discussion can be shortened with good results . 
	 2.Example sentence: The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density . 
	 3.Example sentence: Two data centers have been established for the collection , indexing , critical evaluation , and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections . 
	 4.Example sentence: Under the sponsorship of the Office of Naval Research and the Advanced Research Projects Agency , a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition probabilities . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('first.r.01.first')
Frequency of Synset('first.r.01'): 56  (before anything else)
	 1.Example sentence: First , they wanted to clarify a tantalizing , bizarre enigma . 
	 2.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 3.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 4.Example sentence: But everyone I met had sought cover first and asked questions later . 

Frequency of Synset('first.r.02'): 36  (the initial time)
	 1.Example sentence: His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . 
	 2.Example sentence: Stevens was grunting over the last empty pocket when Russ abruptly rose and lunged toward Carmer 's hat , which had tumbled half-a-dozen feet away when he first fell . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We 've got Father and Mother and each other , '' said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott 's Little Women ; and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; and the Szold family , as it developed , bore a striking resemblance to the Marches . 
	 4.Example sentence: She could always predict what Stanley was going to do , ever since she first met him . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('think.v.01.believe')
Frequency of Synset('believe.v.01'): 109  (accept as true; take to be true)
	 1.Example sentence: It is believed that Hudson was related to other seafaring men of the Muscovy Company and was trained on company ships . 
	 2.Example sentence: I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship . 
	 4.Example sentence: They seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new . 

Frequency of Synset('think.v.01'): 279  (judge or regard; look upon; judge)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` They thout I was a saint . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A. M. A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you did n't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you did n't bathe . 

Frequency of Synset('believe.v.03'): 38  (be confident about something)
	 1.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was no way to know , no way to guess whether any one of them was surprised at Sarah 's appearance , believing her to be drugged and senseless - and just possibly dead . 
	 3.Example sentence: That John Locke 's philosophy of the social contract fathered the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence , I believe , we generally accept . 
	 4.Example sentence: We trust that you , as a gun and ammunition dealer , have benefited through additional sales of equipment . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('determine.v.01.determine')
Frequency of Synset('determine.v.01'): 167  (establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 3.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.02'): 42  (shape or influence; give direction to)
	 1.Example sentence: If economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration . 
	 2.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 3.Example sentence: We consider a rural community as an assemblage of inhabited dwellings whose configuration is determined by the location and size of the arable land sites necessary for family subsistence . 
	 4.Example sentence: When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures , many salons , many dialectics , many personalities , he tried to refashion himself into a stylist of many styles , determined by many disparate cultures . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.03'): 47  (fix conclusively or authoritatively)
	 1.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 2.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one 's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught . 

Frequency of Synset('specify.v.02'): 33  (decide upon or fix definitely)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? 
	 2.Example sentence: When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 4.Example sentence: The commands are specified by the military regulations ; are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . 

Frequency of Synset('decide.v.01'): 130  (reach, make, or come to a decision about something)
	 1.Example sentence: It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable by-product of murder , led to Garth 's door . 
	 2.Example sentence: Instead of quelling the dissension , as many captains of the era would have done ( Sir Francis Drake lopped a man 's head off under similar circumstances ) , Hudson decided to be reasonable . 
	 3.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.08'): 26  (find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('great.s.01.great')
Frequency of Synset('great.s.01'): 90  (relatively large in size or number or extent; larger than others of its kind)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the great strait . 

Frequency of Synset('great.s.02'): 38  (of major significance or importance)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('path.n.03.route')
Frequency of Synset('path.n.03'): 12  (an established line of travel or access)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1607 and 1608 , the English Muscovy Company had sent him northward to look for a route over the North Pole or across the top of Russia . 
	 2.Example sentence: Fog hung over the route constantly . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hundreds of miles to the north , the route back to England through the `` Furious Overfall '' was again filling with ice . 
	 4.Example sentence: During the trip Selkirk decided that the route through Illinois territory to Indiana and the eastern United States was the best route for goods from England to reach Red River and that the United States was a better source of supply for many goods than either Canada or England . 

Frequency of Synset('road.n.01'): 73  (an open way (generally public) for travel or transportation)
	 1.Example sentence: We rode over roads so rough that our Jeep came to rest atop the soil between ruts , all four wheels spinning uselessly . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls . 
	 3.Example sentence: We have 2500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Where there was no road , they lived without one . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('top.n.01.top')
Frequency of Synset('top.n.01'): 22  (the upper part of anything)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1607 and 1608 , the English Muscovy Company had sent him northward to look for a route over the North Pole or across the top of Russia . 
	 2.Example sentence: These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top , six directly under him , six under each of these , and so on until there are six levels of personnel . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had never heard so many bells , and as he lay there listening , he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps . 
	 4.Example sentence: A workbench had a heavy top and sturdy legs , but how did you attach sturdy legs to a heavy top so that the whole thing did n't wobble like a newborn calf and ultimately collapse when you leaned on it ? 

Frequency of Synset('top.n.02'): 14  (the highest or uppermost side of anything)
	 1.Example sentence: He moved back to the wheel and stood there blowing , grasping the top of a spoke to still the trembling of his played-out limbs . 
	 2.Example sentence: We were forbidden to swing on the gates , lest they sag on their hinges in a poor-white-trash way , but we could stand on them , when they were latched , rest our chins on the top , and stare and stare , committing to memory , quite unintentionally , all the details that lay before our eyes . 
	 3.Example sentence: A hay wagon moved slowly along the gutter , the top of it swept by the low boughs of the maple trees , and loose straws were left hanging tangled among the leaves . 
	 4.Example sentence: The top of the sample was nearly flat and the bottom hemispherical . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fail.v.02.fail')
Frequency of Synset('fail.v.01'): 67  (fail to do something; leave something undone)
	 1.Example sentence: Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer 's notes and report , especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of Justice 's recommendation to the appeal board . 
	 2.Example sentence: On April 1 , 1953 , after some six months of full-time `` pioneering '' , petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching , but failed to so notify his local board . 
	 3.Example sentence: Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so . 
	 4.Example sentence: This he failed to do , asserting that he did not know it to be in his file . 

Frequency of Synset('fail.v.02'): 34  (be unsuccessful)
	 1.Example sentence: Twice he had failed , and the Muscovy Company indicated it would not back him again . 
	 2.Example sentence: On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . 
	 3.Example sentence: Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him . 
	 4.Example sentence: The child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety released energy toward achievement , but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols , the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('equip.v.01.fit_out')
Frequency of Synset('equip.v.01'): 13  (provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1609 , the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson , gave him two learned geographers , fitted him out with a ship called the Half Moon , and supplied him with Dutch sailors . 
	 2.Example sentence: During Oersted 's attendance at the university , it was poorly equipped with physical apparatus for experimenting in the sciences . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Royal Lao Army , on the other hand , was paid and equipped with American funds . 
	 4.Example sentence: This center also receives prompt reports on earthquakes from four Coast Survey stations in the Pacific which are equipped with seismographs . 

Frequency of Synset('dress.v.02'): 11  (provide with clothes or put clothes on)
	 1.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 2.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 3.Example sentence: In these readings , the double bass is either kept discreetly in the background , or it is dressed in clown 's attire - the musical equivalent of a bull in a china shop . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the dim underwater light they dressed and straightened up the room , and then they went across the hall to the kitchen . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('turn.v.01.turn')
Frequency of Synset('turn.v.01'): 134  (change orientation or direction, also in the abstract sense)
	 1.Example sentence: This time he turned westward , to the middle Atlantic coast of North America . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1602 , George Waymouth , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the first three weeks , the ship skirted up the east coast of Great Britain , then turned westward . 
	 4.Example sentence: As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the great strait . 

Frequency of Synset('change_state.v.01'): 20  (undergo a transformation or a change of position or action)
	 1.Example sentence: And I select this sentence as its pertinent summation : `` In essence the drama of his ( Eisenhower 's ) Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling - thus far with but limited and precarious success - to give effective voice and force to that conservatism '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: He filled a real need , showing society what it looked like , turning it inside out , portraying its wars and its leaders , its ugliness and its beauties , reflecting its profound religious impulses . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Soviets understand , moreover , that the first step in turning a country toward Communism is to turn it against the West . 
	 4.Example sentence: The second stage is to retain the nominal classification of `` neutralist '' , while in fact turning the country into an active advocate and adherent of Soviet policy . 

Frequency of Synset('become.v.02'): 215  (undergo a change or development)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The important result , however , was that Juet and Francis Clemens , the deposed boatswain , became Hudson 's sworn enemies . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the century from 1815 to 1914 the law of nations became international law . 
	 4.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 

Frequency of Synset('change_by_reversal.v.01'): 14  (change to the contrary)
	 1.Example sentence: Let us survey for a moment the development of modern thought - turning our attention from the Reformation toward the revolutionary and romantic movements that follow and dwelling finally on more recent decades . 
	 2.Example sentence: But today there are signs that these roles are being reversed . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` When the roles of husband and wife are reversed , so that the wife becomes leader and the husband follower '' , Dr. Linden says , `` the effects on their whole relationship , sexual and otherwise , can be disastrous '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Had the situation been reversed , had , for instance , England been the enemy in 1898 because of issues of concern chiefly to New England , there is little doubt that large numbers of Southerners would have happily put on their old Confederate uniforms to fight as allies of Britain . 

Frequency of Synset('turn.v.07'): 53  (pass into a condition gradually, take on a specific property or attribute; become)
	 1.Example sentence: He straightened up , ready to vent his exasperation , then grew afraid . 
	 2.Example sentence: Was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Did men become perfectionists as they grew older , polishing , polishing , reluctant to let go ? 
	 4.Example sentence: When Beckett 's name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett `` hates life '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('produce.v.04.produce')
Frequency of Synset('produce.v.01'): 67  (bring forth or yield)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , 1745 corresponded to the invention of the `` Leiden '' jar by Kleist , 1764 that of the electrophorus by Wilcke , 1782 produced the condenser of Volta , and 1801 the voltaic pile . 
	 2.Example sentence: That doctrine has been accepted by many , but has it produced good results ? 
	 3.Example sentence: We must not forget , to be sure , that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results . 
	 4.Example sentence: But it is a clumsy and wasteful process : it can produce negative results but not much that is positive . 

Frequency of Synset('produce.v.02'): 86  (create or manufacture a man-made product)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 

Frequency of Synset('produce.v.03'): 26  (cause to happen, occur or exist)
	 1.Example sentence: However , the surface temperature gradient can produce erroneous vapor-pressure measurements for the bulk liquid helium unless precautions are taken to isolate the tube ( which passes through the surface to the vapor pressure bulb ) from the liquid helium surface . 
	 2.Example sentence: The breakdown of classical structures of meaning in all realms of western culture has given rise to several generations of artists who have documented the disintegrative processes . 
	 3.Example sentence: All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved . 
	 4.Example sentence: the desire to contrast the first parts of words which are alike in their last components produces an exceptional disregard of the normal patterns of stress of Chinese and Japanese . 

Frequency of Synset('grow.v.07'): 19  (cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques)
	 1.Example sentence: Three quarters to 1 acre of good land is enough for raising fruits and vegetables for home use , and for a small flock of chickens , a cow , and two pigs . 
	 2.Example sentence: You could not , of course , raise feed for the livestock on a plot this small . 
	 3.Example sentence: If you want to raise feed or carry out some enterprise on a larger scale , you 'll need more land . 
	 4.Example sentence: If you are going to produce for home use only , you will need only hand tools . 

Frequency of Synset('grow.v.08'): 23  (come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes))
	 1.Example sentence: It was only a fifteen minute flight , but before it was through Greg felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pa had his head up , glaring , his teeth gnawing at the place where he 'd grown a mustache once . 
	 3.Example sentence: One might also wonder if monkeys are capable of developing bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse . 
	 4.Example sentence: The policeman got a confused , funny look on his face , and he had answered kind of politely , `` Now , look here , lady : I know you got to entertain these kids and all . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('news.n.01.word')
Frequency of Synset('word.n.01'): 113  (a unit of language that native speakers can identify)
	 1.Example sentence: `` But one word at a time , O. K . '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Harris J. Griston , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Even with words coming too fast , they came on the music of the voice . 
	 4.Example sentence: Complicity is an embarrassing word . 

Frequency of Synset('word.n.02'): 17  (a brief statement)
	 1.Example sentence: As a word of caution , we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types , question , command , statement , or exclamation . 
	 2.Example sentence: She did not notice that the customer seized her purchase and turned away without a smile or a word of thanks . 
	 3.Example sentence: If you have a higher quality product , how can you make it stand out - justify its premium price - without the spoken word ? 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Stimulating '' was the word for it . 

Frequency of Synset('news.n.01'): 20  (information about recent and important events)
	 1.Example sentence: When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth , England , in the fall of 1609 , word of Hudson 's findings leaked out , and English interest in him revived . 
	 2.Example sentence: The State cops would check from time to time ; pass word when there was word to pass . 
	 3.Example sentence: The State cops would check from time to time ; pass word when there was word to pass . 
	 4.Example sentence: Weigand tossed this news into the centrifuge . 

Frequency of Synset('discussion.n.02'): 25  (an exchange of views on some topic)
	 1.Example sentence: What of the efficiency of this natural instrument of free discussion ? 
	 2.Example sentence: When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer , for instance , we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign . 
	 3.Example sentence: We are reminded , however , that freedom of thought and discussion , the unfettered exchange of ideas , is basic under our form of government . 
	 4.Example sentence: We must not forget , to be sure , that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results . 

Frequency of Synset('bible.n.01'): 18  (the sacred writings of the Christian religions)
	 1.Example sentence: Hands on Bible , seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg , the wigmaker , and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading , German , and Danish in the informal curriculum . 
	 3.Example sentence: If living Jews were unavailable for study , the Bible was at hand . 
	 4.Example sentence: She would have been better off if she had stuck to her Bible . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('forbid.v.01.forbid')
Frequency of Synset('forbid.v.01'): 16  (command against)
	 1.Example sentence: The government forbade Hudson to return to Amsterdam with his ship . 
	 2.Example sentence: The latter provisions proscribe any contract , combination , or conspiracy in restraint of interstate or foreign trade , and monopolization of , or attempts , combinations , or conspiracies to monopolize , such trade . 
	 3.Example sentence: In addition , the right to vote the General Motors stock held by du Pont was to be vested in du Pont 's stockholders , other than Christiana and Delaware and the stockholders of Delaware ; du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be enjoined from acquiring stock in or exercising control over General Motors ; du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be prohibited to have any director or officer in common with General Motors , and vice versa ; and General Motors and du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies . 
	 4.Example sentence: Both plans also prohibited common directors , officers , or employees between du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware , on the one hand , and General Motors on the other . 

Frequency of Synset('prevent.v.01'): 69  (keep from happening or arising; make impossible)
	 1.Example sentence: To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority , Calhoun developed his theory of `` concurrent majority '' , which , he said , `` by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government , a negative on the others , prevents all partial or local legislation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was a light in Black 's front room , but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior . 
	 3.Example sentence: To forestall any change of allegiance , the Democrats hastily organised a testimonial banquet for O ' Banion , as public reward for his past services and as a reminder of where his loyalties lay . 
	 4.Example sentence: Upon which the detective bureau despatched rifle squads to prevent trouble if O ' Banion should send his gunmen out to deal with the hijacking policemen . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('return.v.01.return')
Frequency of Synset('return.v.01'): 101  (go or come back to place, condition, or activity where one has been before)
	 1.Example sentence: The government forbade Hudson to return to Amsterdam with his ship . 
	 2.Example sentence: This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1803 Oersted returned to Copenhagen and applied for the university 's chair in physics but was rejected because he was probably considered more a philosopher than a physicist . 
	 4.Example sentence: Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . 

Frequency of Synset('render.v.07'): 14  (give back)
	 1.Example sentence: It 'll be a pleasure for you to return this money to Colcord and tell him about it , Russ `` . 
	 2.Example sentence: He started to return it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Upon such sale , there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale . 
	 4.Example sentence: From its inception in 1920 with the passage of Public Law 236 , 66 th Congress , the purpose of the vocational rehabilitation program has been to assist the States , by means of grants-in-aid , to return disabled men and women to productive , gainful employment . 

Frequency of Synset('revert.v.01'): 14  (go back to a previous state)
	 1.Example sentence: If a child had a single drop of Negro blood , he would revert to the ancestral line which , except as slaves under a superior race , had not made one step of progress in 3000 years . 
	 2.Example sentence: Its refrain was : `` Let us return to the individualistic democracy of our forefathers for our salvation '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: If his on-the-job problems work out , he may return to his old pattern . 
	 4.Example sentence: After this brief discussion of neo - , paleocortical , and cortico-hypothalamic relations , let us return once more to the problem of hypothalamic balance and its physiological and pathological significance . 

Frequency of Synset('render.v.04'): 25  (give or supply)
	 1.Example sentence: When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart . 
	 2.Example sentence: I 've given willful hurt to no man . 
	 3.Example sentence: A tavern , filling station , junk yard , rendering plant , or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value . 
	 4.Example sentence: The dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were : * * f This was not , of course , enough sampling to give a satisfactory description of the vertical diffusion of the aerosol . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('support.v.02.support')
Frequency of Synset('support.v.01'): 24  (give moral or psychological support, aid, or courage to)
	 1.Example sentence: The forces to be supported include an Army of 14 divisions and 870000 men ; a Navy of 817 active ships and 619000 men ; a Marine Corps of 3 divisions and 3 air wings with 175000 men ; and an Air Force of 91 combat wings and 825000 men . 
	 2.Example sentence: I am recommending additional acquisitions of the improved version of the B-52 ( the B-52 H with the new turbofan engine ) and procurement of the B-58 supersonic medium bomber , together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case . 
	 3.Example sentence: But what you have n't got is the heart to back up that talent with . 
	 4.Example sentence: All political interests supported electoral planning , although there are some signs that the inherent uncertainties of a popular judgment led to some procrastination . 

Frequency of Synset('support.v.02'): 16  (support materially or financially)
	 1.Example sentence: By springtime , he was supported by a rich merchant syndicate under the patronage of Henry , Prince of Wales . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Prince visited the hospital of Operation Brotherhood , supported by the Junior Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines , and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at Pak Song . 
	 3.Example sentence: These qualities endeared him to both the musicians and the social economic haute monde which supported the concert world of the post World War 1 , era . 
	 4.Example sentence: Formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation . 

Frequency of Synset('back.v.01'): 29  (be behind; approve of)
	 1.Example sentence: I endorse pending legislation that will restore the traditional relationship between retired and active duty pay rates . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1958 , the Conference endorsed birth control as the responsibility laid by God on parents everywhere . 
	 3.Example sentence: He refused to change his approach , and instead he attacked high and low - the officials for their not backing him , and subordinates for their laxness , stupidity , and stubbornness . 
	 4.Example sentence: This opinion is supported by one of the nation 's leading psychiatrists , Dr. Maurice E. Linden , director of the Mental Health Division of the Philadelphia Department of Public Health . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.10'): 25  (be the physical support of; carry the weight of)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A man was holding onto Lou , holding him up . 
	 2.Example sentence: To his faint surprise Russ held up his hand . 
	 3.Example sentence: Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit . 
	 4.Example sentence: The phonemic systems which must support these morphophonemic systems , however , are very different . 

Frequency of Synset('confirm.v.01'): 38  (establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts)
	 1.Example sentence: The Court of Appeals affirmed . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have concluded that petitioner 's claims are controlled by the rationale of gonzales v. United States , 348 U. S. 407 ( 1955 ) , and United States v. Nugent , 346 U. S .1 ( 1953 ) , and therefore affirm the judgment . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 
	 4.Example sentence: My interviews with teen-agers confirmed this portrait of the weakening of religious and ethnic bonds . 

Frequency of Synset('defend.v.01'): 19  (argue or speak in defense of)
	 1.Example sentence: In one debate he supported the freedom of judgment as opposed to dogma , in another he held that the practice of science was in fact an act of religious worship . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` You owe it to Penny to give her a chance to explain that she was defending you , really '' , he observed mildly . 
	 3.Example sentence: She could not resist the opportunity `` of showing her superiority in argument over a man '' which she had remarked as one of the `` feminine follies '' of Sara Sullam ; and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception - he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College - until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything . 
	 4.Example sentence: The thoroughgoing idealization of the planter society did not come , however , until after the Civil War when Southern writers were eager to defend a way of life which had been destroyed . 

Frequency of Synset('digest.v.03'): 36  (put up with something or somebody unpleasant)
	 1.Example sentence: Can they stand rigid scrutiny ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Shakespeare 's wit and wisdom , his profound insight into human nature , have stood the test of centuries . 
	 3.Example sentence: In any case but the last , such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual ; the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining . 
	 4.Example sentence: Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('obtain.v.01.obtain')
Frequency of Synset('obtain.v.01'): 115  (come into possession of)
	 1.Example sentence: He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . 
	 3.Example sentence: Using Edgerton 's method , the fast closing action is obtained from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires . 
	 4.Example sentence: The opening action is obtained when a capacitor , charged to high voltage , is suddenly discharged through the foil . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.02'): 119  (receive a specified treatment (abstract))
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Humor found many modes of expression . 
	 3.Example sentence: A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('purpose.n.01.purpose')
Frequency of Synset('purpose.n.01'): 94  (an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions)
	 1.Example sentence: The purpose of this fourth voyage was clear . 
	 2.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: His purpose , however , was not to establish an empire , but to assert the principle of divine justice . 
	 4.Example sentence: His plan and intent were clearly charted . 

Frequency of Synset('function.n.02'): 70  (what something is used for)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration . 
	 3.Example sentence: On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('prove.v.02.establish')
Frequency of Synset('establish.v.01'): 69  (set up or found)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 3.Example sentence: We would establish no censorship . 
	 4.Example sentence: Two data centers have been established for the collection , indexing , critical evaluation , and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections . 

Frequency of Synset('establish.v.02'): 42  (set up or lay the groundwork for)
	 1.Example sentence: His purpose , however , was not to establish an empire , but to assert the principle of divine justice . 
	 2.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: At first glance this appears strange : of all people , was not America founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring `` undeveloped '' societies abroad ? 
	 4.Example sentence: At first glance this appears strange : of all people , was not America founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring `` undeveloped '' societies abroad ? 

Frequency of Synset('prove.v.02'): 146  (establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment)
	 1.Example sentence: A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . 
	 2.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature , as proven by Bruckmann and Coulomb . 
	 4.Example sentence: The PM might show he drowned instead , but that 's what the once-over-lightly gives us . 

Frequency of Synset('lay_down.v.01'): 19  (institute, enact, or establish)
	 1.Example sentence: She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; particularly the scholarship fund . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 4.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 

Frequency of Synset('establish.v.05'): 20  (bring about)
	 1.Example sentence: Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: But consideration of the frequency of stems per constant meaning seems to be established as having significance in comparative situations with diachronic and classificatory relevance ; and Gleason presumably is on the way with a further contribution in this area . 
	 3.Example sentence: And I select this sentence as its pertinent summation : `` In essence the drama of his ( Eisenhower 's ) Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling - thus far with but limited and precarious success - to give effective voice and force to that conservatism '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: his quill drawings had a scratchiness , suggesting skin texture ; the clay he used plastically to suggest soft moving flesh , as in an abdomen , in a reclining torso ; the wax he smoothed over to give the body surface an elastic pull . 

Frequency of Synset('establish.v.08'): 76  (use as a basis for; found on)
	 1.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 
	 2.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 3.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('promise.v.04.promise')
Frequency of Synset('promise.v.01'): 27  (make a promise or commitment)
	 1.Example sentence: But I promised Joyce I would mention her name , if at all , only as a last resort . 
	 2.Example sentence: For a blood chilling ring of terror to the very sound of his name was the tool he needed for the job he 'd promised to do . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whoever , in the United States or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $ 5000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this title . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` We found some owls had built a nest in the chimney , milord , but I promise you you 'll never have trouble of that sort again '' . 

Frequency of Synset('promise.v.02'): 11  (promise to undertake or give)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I promised him I would n't '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Colonel ordered that it be wiped out , and I suggested , ' You ask for volunteers , and promise each man on the patrol a quart of whisky , ten dollars and a week-end pass to Davao ' . 
	 3.Example sentence: In any case , though they had been promised immortality if they ate of the tree , they obtained mortality instead . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` One day our species promises co-existence , and the next day it threatens co extinction '' . 

Frequency of Synset('predict.v.01'): 35  (make a prediction about; tell in advance)
	 1.Example sentence: Cook Bennett Mathues said Juet had predicted bloodshed on the ship . 
	 2.Example sentence: It really looked as if a change of the sort predicted by Booker T. Washington had been going on . 
	 3.Example sentence: She could always predict what Stanley was going to do , ever since she first met him . 
	 4.Example sentence: What I am here to do is to report on the gyrations of the struggle - a struggle that amounts to self redefinition - to see if we can predict its future course . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('far.r.02.far')
Frequency of Synset('far.r.01'): 58  (to a considerable degree; very much)
	 1.Example sentence: While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous . 
	 2.Example sentence: Despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; they are priceless even though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page ; they are the most valuable of commodities - and the most salable , for their demand far exceeds supply . 
	 3.Example sentence: Research , on the other hand , has shown many stepmothers to be eminently successful , some far better than the real mothers . 
	 4.Example sentence: Second , the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son . 

Frequency of Synset('far.r.02'): 27  (at or to or from a great distance in space)
	 1.Example sentence: But there remained one mysterious , unexplored gap , far to the north . 
	 2.Example sentence: A group of sailors announced to Hudson that they would sail no farther . 
	 3.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 4.Example sentence: He ai n't gone far '' ! a harsh cry floated to him across the brush . 

Frequency of Synset('far.r.03'): 18  (at or to a certain point or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: Had the Communist led Pathet Lao finally come this far ? 
	 2.Example sentence: While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i. e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual . 
	 4.Example sentence: His son watched until he got as far as the hall , almost out of sight , then hurried after . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('note.v.03.note')
Frequency of Synset('note.v.01'): 103  (make mention of)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Fairly recent '' , he remarked . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . 

Frequency of Synset('notice.v.02'): 54  (notice or perceive)
	 1.Example sentence: Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way ? 
	 3.Example sentence: None noted at the Dumont . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 

Frequency of Synset('note.v.03'): 40  (observe with care or pay close attention to)
	 1.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Noting such evidence is the first step ; and almost the only `` cure '' is early detection and removal . 
	 3.Example sentence: A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region . 
	 4.Example sentence: What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration , integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form ; color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; and that over all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('name.v.01.name')
Frequency of Synset('name.v.01'): 121  (assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to)
	 1.Example sentence: He named this opening , between Baffin Island and Labrador , the `` Furious Overfall '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: ( Later , it was to be called Hudson Strait . ) 
	 3.Example sentence: Poor winds and fog locked her up in a harbor the crew called `` Lousie Bay '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hudson named the capes Digges and Wolstenholme , for two of his backers . 

Frequency of Synset('name.v.02'): 13  (give the name or identifying characteristics of; refer to by name or some other identifying characteristic property)
	 1.Example sentence: If anti-Semitism was on trial in Jerusalem , why was it not identified , and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press , in its connection with the activities of Eichmann 's Department of Jewish Affairs , as exemplified by the betrayal and murder of Jews by non police and non-party anti-Semites in Germany , as well as in Poland , Czechoslovakia , Hungary ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Some of them came from people who identified themselves . 
	 3.Example sentence: Those named in the Greek paper were manufacturing reasons to steal aft under pretence of some call of duty , so as to be near Spencer , watching an opportunity to communicate with him . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` There is a man named Grabski who is the foreman in charge of the bricklayers at Majdanek . 

Frequency of Synset('appoint.v.01'): 18  (create and charge with a task or function)
	 1.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 2.Example sentence: The first pretrial conference - held to appoint amici curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings - took place on September 25 , 1957 . 
	 3.Example sentence: I am also pleased to note that Mr. John B. Oakes , a member of the Times staff since 1946 , has been appointed as editorial page editor . 
	 4.Example sentence: if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation has been duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and has not been discharged prior to the date of payment , payment shall be made to such receiver or trustee in accordance with the order of the court ; 

Frequency of Synset('mention.v.01'): 97  (make reference to)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the pool 's far end was the little cabana Joyce had mentioned , and on the water 's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp looking lather . 
	 4.Example sentence: These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas . 

Frequency of Synset('list.v.01'): 23  (give or make a list of; name individually; give the names of)
	 1.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 2.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of types of message listed in Table 1 , commands and statements are the only ones sent through the vertical network shown in Figure 3 . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication , in which , in listing ' Two Stem Meanings ' , I set off by asterisks those forms in which n of stem B was * * f of stem A 3 , the unasterisked ones standing for * * f ; or under ' Four Stems ' , I set off by asterisks cases where the combined n of stems * * f was * * f . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('propose.v.01.propose')
Frequency of Synset('propose.v.01'): 84  (make a proposal, declare a plan for something)
	 1.Example sentence: She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long sought waterway . 
	 3.Example sentence: In his report to the Attorney General , the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Take one side of the street , and I 'll take the other '' , he proposed . 

Frequency of Synset('project.v.08'): 21  (present for consideration, examination, criticism, etc.)
	 1.Example sentence: He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices . 
	 2.Example sentence: While the U. S. Department of Labor has a program of projecting industry and occupational employment trends and publishing current outlook statements , there is little tangible evidence that these projections have been used extensively in local curriculum planning . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would propose , first , an abandonment of attempts at a universal lexical list , as intrinsically unachievable , and operationally inadequate in proportion as it is achieved . 
	 4.Example sentence: I would propose , next , as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists , items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible . 

Frequency of Synset('aim.v.02'): 14  (propose or intend)
	 1.Example sentence: Aim to balance your employee benefit package . 
	 2.Example sentence: Today many college bound students try to take a course in personal typing , as they feel a certain degree of mastery of this skill is almost essential for one who proposes to do academic work in college and a professional school . 
	 3.Example sentence: The artist , unlike the philosopher , is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and rarified high levels of abstraction . 
	 4.Example sentence: These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer 's vocabulary is based on Swadesh 's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('test.v.01.test')
Frequency of Synset('test.v.01'): 50  (put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to)
	 1.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long sought waterway . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ideas need to be tested , and not merely by argument and debate . 
	 4.Example sentence: A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested . 

Frequency of Synset('screen.v.01'): 11  (test or examine for the presence of disease or infection)
	 1.Example sentence: Cows receiving drug may not be officially tested under breed registry testing programs . 
	 2.Example sentence: The name thyroid-stimulating hormone ( TSH ) has been given to a substance found in the anterior pituitary gland of all species of animal so far tested for its presence . 
	 3.Example sentence: The meat wagon , therefore , was not out in front of the house any more , but the cluster of squad cars was still there and there was a cop on the door downstairs to screen any comings and goings . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , it was virtually impossible to screen the mob outside , even if Bonner had manpower available for the purpose . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('situation.n.02.situation')
Frequency of Synset('situation.n.01'): 64  (the general state of things; the combination of circumstances at a given time; ; ; - Franklin D.Roosevelt)
	 1.Example sentence: The old way of doing things , which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no longer adequate to the task . 
	 2.Example sentence: Codification was followed in all countries by a growing amount of legislation , some changing and adjusting the older law , much dealing with entirely new situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 4.Example sentence: We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world 's giants . 

Frequency of Synset('situation.n.02'): 20  (a condition or position in which you find yourself)
	 1.Example sentence: On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . 
	 2.Example sentence: The expedient thing - yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: I believe the situation is improving , but the success stories need to be heavily publicized . 
	 4.Example sentence: These polar concerns ( imitation vs. formalism ) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time . 

Frequency of Synset('position.n.06'): 20  (a job in an organization)
	 1.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 2.Example sentence: He sat stiff-backed in a chair that did not swivel , though it was obvious to Gun that Killpath felt his position as acting captain plainly merited a swivel chair . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , it determined that neither this factor , nor `` the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly , each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone , including du Pont 's competitors '' , 353 U. S. , at 607 , outweighed the Government 's claim for relief . 
	 4.Example sentence: The wrong man in the wrong position , perhaps even in a junior position abroad , can be a source of great harm to our policy ; the attitudes of a U.N. delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New York City , or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our Capital , can be easily be directed against the United States and all that it stands for . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('state.v.01.state')
Frequency of Synset('state.v.01'): 1947  (express in words)
	 1.Example sentence: `` That damn door '' , said the police chief . 
	 2.Example sentence: He scooped up the receiver and said , `` Police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` Oh yes , Mr. Benson . 
	 3.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 4.Example sentence: At last he said , `` Well , thank you for calling , Mr. Benson . 

Frequency of Synset('submit.v.02'): 23  (put before)
	 1.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 2.Example sentence: But in any event , I submit that the power to depose belongs to Congress , not to this Court . 
	 3.Example sentence: But it is the need to undertake these testaments that I would submit here as symptom of the common man 's malaise . 
	 4.Example sentence: I submit that this is the key problem of international relations , that it always has been , that it always will be . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('originate.v.01.rise')
Frequency of Synset('rise.v.01'): 26  (move upward)
	 1.Example sentence: Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet . 
	 2.Example sentence: A further regulation is that commands always go down , unaccompanied by statements , and statements always go up , unaccompanied by commands . 
	 3.Example sentence: Through the splash of the rising waters , they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon , gnashing big chunks out of the banks . 
	 4.Example sentence: The dangerous current upon the prairie ceased , but the water stood and kept on rising . 

Frequency of Synset('rise.v.02'): 23  (increase in value or to a higher point)
	 1.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 
	 2.Example sentence: The temperature rose to 105 ` . 
	 3.Example sentence: The revenue from O ' Banion 's Cicero territory went up still higher , until the yield was more than the Torrio-Capone takings from the far bigger trade area of Chicago 's South and West Sides . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this model , we abstract from all non wage sources of cost changes , so that the `` public limit price '' only rises as the wage rate rises . 

Frequency of Synset('arise.v.03'): 21  (rise to one's feet)
	 1.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 2.Example sentence: The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Get up , Crouch . 
	 4.Example sentence: He rose from the chair , took off his coat . 

Frequency of Synset('originate.v.01'): 65  (come into existence; take on form or shape)
	 1.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 2.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 
	 3.Example sentence: States were free to enact , within broad though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 

Frequency of Synset('wax.v.02'): 15  (go up or advance)
	 1.Example sentence: After how many generations is such wealth ( mounting all the while through the manipulations of high finance ) purified of taint ? 
	 2.Example sentence: This may be opera bouffe now , but it will become more serious should the cold war mount in frenzy . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the retailer and hotelman 's downtown unit sales have been decreasing , however , his dollar volume continues to rise , and it is dollars which you put in the bank . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thereafter the audience waxed applause happy , but discriminating operagoers reserved judgment as her singing showed signs of strain , her musicianship some questionable procedure and her acting uncomfortable stylization . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('coerce.v.01.force')
Frequency of Synset('coerce.v.01'): 46  (to cause to do through pressure or necessity, by physical, moral or intellectual means :)
	 1.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 2.Example sentence: As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the great strait . 
	 3.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 
	 4.Example sentence: The boy had , apparently - if Mrs. MacReady was right in what she had told Mullins - only in recent months been forced to give up college , to work as a busboy . 

Frequency of Synset('impel.v.01'): 18  (urge or force (a person) to an action; constrain or motivate)
	 1.Example sentence: As in experience one is seized by given entities and their interrelations and is forced to respond in value feelings to them , so one is similarly seized in the mimetic presentation of images . 
	 2.Example sentence: This problem can force a change in marketing approach in many kinds of businesses . 
	 3.Example sentence: Though his inner thoughts cringed at it , he forced himself to think back , recreating the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him molesting the child . 
	 4.Example sentence: Forced to realize that this was the end of a very short line I scanned a road marker and discovered what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old Mexican : Moriarty , New Mexico . 

Frequency of Synset('push.v.01'): 58  (move with force,)
	 1.Example sentence: Together they had probably done more than any other men to help push Laos toward the 20 th century - constructively . 
	 2.Example sentence: Gradually the wash climbed upward , forcing him toward open range . 
	 3.Example sentence: She drank and pushed back her gingham bonnet to wet a kerchief and wipe her face . 
	 4.Example sentence: Gun held his breath a moment , pushing the volume and pitch of his voice down under the trapdoor in his throat . 

Frequency of Synset('force.v.06'): 15  (force into or from an action or state, either physically or metaphorically)
	 1.Example sentence: Whoever was out there hiding in the brushy cover was besieging the Antler house and , having spotted his approach , was determined to drive him off before he could get into the fight . 
	 2.Example sentence: Curt managed to duck beneath the man 's flailing fist , and drove home a solid left to Jess 's mid section . 
	 3.Example sentence: Driven from the marketplace by the course of history , our hero disguises himself as a private detective . 
	 4.Example sentence: Greg slammed his throttle to the fire wall and rammed up the RPM , and the engine responded as if it had been waiting . 

Frequency of Synset('pull.v.01'): 54  (cause to move by pulling)
	 1.Example sentence: Hotel attendants pulled parked bicycles into the lobby . 
	 2.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 3.Example sentence: He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn . 
	 4.Example sentence: He opened the door and went in , pulling it shut behind him . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('steer.v.01.head')
Frequency of Synset('head.v.01'): 29  (to go or travel towards)
	 1.Example sentence: He tramped out of the Miners Rest with his hopes plummeting , and headed doggedly for the Palace Saloon , the last place of any consequence on this side of the street . 
	 2.Example sentence: Heading for the batwings , Cobb glanced perfunctorily through the nearest window , and suddenly dodged aside . 
	 3.Example sentence: Climbing the steps steadily , they reached the top and headed for the door . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the first restaurant he sensibly pulled up to go in for his dinner , and as a consequence did not see Cobb strike the open range at the mouth of the canyon and head straight across the swells for Antler . 

Frequency of Synset('head.v.02'): 30  (be in charge of)
	 1.Example sentence: John , an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics , headed the rural development division of USOM , the United States Operations Mission administering U. S. aid . 
	 2.Example sentence: To perpetuate wealth control led by small groups of individuals who played no role in its creation prevents those with real initiative from coming to the fore , and is basically anti democratic . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could lead a patrol and he knew his paper work . 
	 4.Example sentence: Shaw and Skorich headed a group of players , coaches and team officials who received an engrossed copy of an official city citation and a pair of silver cufflinks shaped like a football . 

Frequency of Synset('lead.v.04'): 19  (travel in front of; go in advance of others)
	 1.Example sentence: Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York , New York , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14 - 1 2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14 - 1 2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary . 
	 2.Example sentence: Greg himself took two flights , with Todman leading the second , to patrol and look for targets of opportunities around Ormoc on the east coast of Leyte . 
	 3.Example sentence: He hesitated for a moment when Michelangelo asked him to disrobe , so Michelangelo gave him a piece of toweling to wrap around his loins , led him to the kitchen to take off his clothes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Slowly , like a man grown old , he took Eli 's hand and led him below to the tower study , guiding him to a chair beside the little hearth where a fire still burned . 

Frequency of Synset('steer.v.01'): 26  (direct the course; determine the direction of travelling)
	 1.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson pointed the Discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called Hudson Bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific . 
	 3.Example sentence: Finally , as time began to run out , he headed into Ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies . 
	 4.Example sentence: There remained only the delicate task of maneuvering the laws through the labyrinth of Palace politics and making a small number of policy decisions . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('worse.a.01.worse')
Frequency of Synset('worse.a.01'): 13  ((comparative of `bad') inferior to another in quality or condition or desirability)
	 1.Example sentence: Worse , his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 3.Example sentence: - to lunge anxiously through crowded streets to railroad stations and , at odd hours of night , drive from smaller stations to distant homes , probably through rain or , in November , something worse . 
	 4.Example sentence: Have cost studies been made of every phase of your operation to determine what might be done if things get worse ? 

Frequency of Synset('bad.a.01'): 48  (having undesirable or negative qualities)
	 1.Example sentence: The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' ( as James 's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries ) `` however bad I may be , you 're not quite the people to say it '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Crumb was laid up with a bad cold . 
	 3.Example sentence: That ai n't too bad ' ceptin ' the light company 's so busy you can n't ever get ' em to do nothin '' ' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Curt was in almost as bad shape , but he would n't quit . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('swing.v.04.swing')
Frequency of Synset('swing.v.01'): 27  (move in a curve or arc, usually with the intent of hitting)
	 1.Example sentence: Pat swung into the saddle , yet still he delayed , his brows puckered . 
	 2.Example sentence: Swinging up then , and bending forward over the horn , he urged his mount down the meandering draw . 
	 3.Example sentence: The tines broke off under Jess 's twisting , and he swung the handle in an attempt to knock Curt 's brains out . 
	 4.Example sentence: He dropped down to five hundred feet , swinging a little north of the city of Tacloban , and punched into the opening that showed against the mountain . 

Frequency of Synset('swing.v.02'): 15  (move or walk in a swinging or swaying manner)
	 1.Example sentence: The door swung open , and Jess said sourly , `` What the hell 's the matter with you ? '' 
	 2.Example sentence: He swung up over the wheel . 
	 3.Example sentence: He swung toward the front to give the news to Hettie , then stopped , barred from her by the vehemence of her blame and hate . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Did I see him about to swing low in a chariot ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('refuse.v.01.refuse')
Frequency of Synset('refuse.v.01'): 48  (show unwillingness towards)
	 1.Example sentence: And he refused to be anything else . 
	 2.Example sentence: Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , was convicted of violating 12 ( a ) of the Universal Military Training and Service Act by refusing to be inducted into the armed forces . 
	 3.Example sentence: The trial judge decided that the administrative procedures of the Act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such documents . 
	 4.Example sentence: She refused to have a doctor , insisting there was nothing a doctor could do for her . 

Frequency of Synset('refuse.v.02'): 36  (refuse to accept)
	 1.Example sentence: The inspector declined . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1803 Oersted returned to Copenhagen and applied for the university 's chair in physics but was rejected because he was probably considered more a philosopher than a physicist . 
	 3.Example sentence: Denny said stupidly , `` Why , you ai n't turning Angie down , are you , Mr. Skyros ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Three agreed , but four declined and were suspended . 

Frequency of Synset('defy.v.02'): 19  (elude, especially in a baffling way)
	 1.Example sentence: She had the opportunity that few clever women can resist , of showing her superiority in argument over a man . 
	 2.Example sentence: He rather wished he had never got into the business , and still - scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy money . 
	 3.Example sentence: But Blanche had been able to maintain a serene and assured composure in the face of her widowed mother 's continued carping , had been able to resist her urgings to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of matrimony . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this model , then , the industry is presumed to realize that they could successfully resist a change in the basic wage rate , but since such a change is the only effective means to raising prices they may , in circumstances to be spelled out in Part 2 , below , find it to their advantage to allow the wage rise . 

Frequency of Synset('deny.v.04'): 17  (refuse to let have)
	 1.Example sentence: They have a sense of marginality at being denied that special badge of status , the out-of-town school . 
	 2.Example sentence: If these people were denied a voice ( do they have a moral right to a voice ? ) 
	 3.Example sentence: Du Pont would be denied the right to acquire any additional General Motors stock except through General Motors ' distributions of stock or subscription rights to its stockholders . 
	 4.Example sentence: We do not deny originality to the Agamemnon because Aeschylus found the tales of the house of Atreus among the folk lore of the Greeks . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('prepare.v.05.train')
Frequency of Synset('train.v.01'): 24  (create by training and teaching)
	 1.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 
	 2.Example sentence: So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . 
	 3.Example sentence: Those who , because of population mobility and the reputed desire of employers to train their own employees , would limit vocational education to general rather than specific skills ought to bear in mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: Proper follow-through requires training your own sales organization , and your distributor organizations , not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations . 

Frequency of Synset('prepare.v.05'): 11  (educate for a future role or function)
	 1.Example sentence: It is believed that Hudson was related to other seafaring men of the Muscovy Company and was trained on company ships . 
	 2.Example sentence: economic security and cultural opportunities , incisive idioms , social fermentations for a new national ideology - a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had gone into the Japanese navy , had been trained as an officer , had participated in one or two battles - he never went into detail regarding his military experience - and at the age of twenty-five , quite as a bolt out of the blue , he had walked into the mission as if he belonged here and had become a Christian . 
	 4.Example sentence: The girls , very fetching in their uniforms , are shown firing rockets from a launcher mounted on a dump truck ; they are also trained with carbines , automatic weapons , pistols , rifles and other such ladies ' accessories . 

Frequency of Synset('aim.v.01'): 13  (point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards)
	 1.Example sentence: First , the student trains on his hapless parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Phillips took a razor to Gonzalez , Prop. , but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome . 
	 3.Example sentence: But if there was evidence at the Trial that aimed over Eichmann 's head at his collaborators in the societies where he functioned , the press seems to have missed it . 
	 4.Example sentence: I took it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('common.a.01.common')
Frequency of Synset('common.a.01'): 31  (belonging to or participated in by a community as a whole; public)
	 1.Example sentence: ( The common misconception that he was Dutch and that his first name was Hendrik stem from Dutch documents of his third voyage . ) 
	 2.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 3.Example sentence: Law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms . 
	 4.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 

Frequency of Synset('common.a.02'): 14  (having no special distinction or quality; widely known or commonly encountered; average or ordinary or usual)
	 1.Example sentence: One of the most common of camp maladies was diarrhoea . 
	 2.Example sentence: Men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as `` looseness of the bowels '' ; but a much more common designation was `` the sh-ts '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: But what a super Herculean task it is to winnow anything of value from the mud beplastered arguments used so freely , particularly since such common use is made of cliches and stereotypes , in themselves declarations of intellectual bankruptcy . 
	 4.Example sentence: Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York , New York , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14 - 1 2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14 - 1 2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary . 

Frequency of Synset('common.s.03'): 16  (common to or shared by two or more parties)
	 1.Example sentence: The theory of international law , which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in Europe and America , broke this unity and this universality . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` When you marry , you want to have things in common '' , a girl said , `` and it 's hard when you do n't marry someone with your own background '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: They are presumed to have plunged to a common grave in this fatal embrace . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , it is important to trace the philosophy of the French Revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former . 

Frequency of Synset('common.s.04'): 11  (commonly encountered)
	 1.Example sentence: The most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives . 
	 2.Example sentence: Historically re is the formative that is employed also in republic , and al is the common suffix . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had picked out this pathless trail , instead of the common one , in a moment of romantic fancy , to give them privacy on their honeymoon . 
	 4.Example sentence: My great grandmother , I have been told , made her garden her great pride ; she cherished rare and delicate plants like oleanders in tubs and wall-flowers and lemon verbenas in pots that had to be wintered in the cellar ; she filled the waste spots of the yard with common things like the garden heliotrope in a corner by the woodshed , and the plantain lilies along the west side of the house . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('first.a.01.first')
Frequency of Synset('first.a.01'): 214  (preceding all others in time or space or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: Hudson 's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames . 
	 2.Example sentence: For the first three weeks , the ship skirted up the east coast of Great Britain , then turned westward . 
	 3.Example sentence: First was the period of codification of existing law : the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that , in fact , resulted from Austin 's restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 

Frequency of Synset('first.s.02'): 61  (indicating the beginning unit in a series)
	 1.Example sentence: The first half of The Charles Men , ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709 , is more dramatically coherent than the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: On April 1 , 1953 , after some six months of full-time `` pioneering '' , petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching , but failed to so notify his local board . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the first shot Russ had hurled his mount to the left toward the side of the winding draw . 
	 4.Example sentence: In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('happen.v.01.occur')
Frequency of Synset('happen.v.01'): 227  (come to pass)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson 's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 

Frequency of Synset('occur.v.02'): 16  (come to one's mind; suggest itself)
	 1.Example sentence: Under her father 's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience . 
	 2.Example sentence: It occurred to Bill Weigand that he was , on a hunch basis , eliminating a good many . 
	 3.Example sentence: After a time , it occurred to her that her thoughts were not worth the trouble . 
	 4.Example sentence: It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years , in the hope of clearing up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign policy is all about and what it means , and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('wait.v.01.wait')
Frequency of Synset('wait.v.01'): 90  (stay in one place and anticipate or expect something)
	 1.Example sentence: There at the river 's edge waited one Henry Greene , whom Hudson listed as a `` clerk '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: He was not the sort of sailor Hudson wanted his backers to see on board and he had Greene wait at Gravesend , where the Discovery picked him up . 
	 3.Example sentence: But worth waiting for . 
	 4.Example sentence: Seeming much relieved , she smiled one of those worth waiting for smiles , and I smiled all the way into the bedroom . 

Frequency of Synset('wait.v.02'): 41  (wait before acting)
	 1.Example sentence: I can n't wait no two weeks '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd be smart about it , get him to give it to her in little bills so 's nobody would suspect - maybe could n't get it until Monday account of that , the banks - But that was n't really long to wait . 
	 3.Example sentence: Curt moved over beside the door and waited . 
	 4.Example sentence: He stopped automatically at the street corners , waiting for the traffic lights to change , unheeding of other people , his coat open and flapping . 

Frequency of Synset('expect.v.03'): 42  (look forward to the probable occurrence of)
	 1.Example sentence: He would have had ample time to go into a blind somewhere and wait his prey . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not when she 'd waited so long already . 
	 3.Example sentence: This habit had become so fixed over the years that it seemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I 've been waiting to get these things done for months '' , she said . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('pick.v.04.pick')
Frequency of Synset('pick.v.01'): 13  (select carefully from a group)
	 1.Example sentence: All through July the Discovery picked her way along the 450 - mile long strait , avoiding ice and rocky islands . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I 'll pick murder . 
	 3.Example sentence: Two of the new hands , a Mexican named Jose Amado and a kid known only as Laredo , were picked for the first trick of riding night herd . 
	 4.Example sentence: Soon they were picking their way along the edge of the stream which glowed in the night . 

Frequency of Synset('blame.v.02'): 11  (harass with constant criticism)
	 1.Example sentence: For over a hundred years Southerners have felt that the North was picking on them . 
	 2.Example sentence: It 's infuriating , this feeling that one is being picked on , continually , constantly . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oh , well , you can n't really blame Lolotte . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I know you 've got a grudge against me , and maybe I can n't blame you . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('contend.v.06.fight')
Frequency of Synset('contend.v.06'): 47  (be engaged in a fight; carry on a fight)
	 1.Example sentence: With Hudson looking on , his protege Greene picked a fight with the ship 's surgeon , Edward Wilson . 
	 2.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach . 

Frequency of Synset('fight.v.02'): 45  (fight against or resist strongly)
	 1.Example sentence: Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mission to the metropolis contradicts survival of the congregation in the residential community , because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependence with residential exclusion . 
	 3.Example sentence: He fought down the impulse to rush in and collar the vicious puncher on the spot . 
	 4.Example sentence: For internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry . 

Frequency of Synset('fight.v.03'): 13  (make a strenuous or labored effort)
	 1.Example sentence: Residential associations struggle to insulate themselves against intrusions . 
	 2.Example sentence: Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century . 
	 3.Example sentence: Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Here , this happy , roving son of good fortune proved that he could accept the disciplines of a new social economic order fighting for its very existence and ideals in a truculent world . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('issue.n.01.issue')
Frequency of Synset('issue.n.01'): 23  (an important question that is in dispute and must be settled)
	 1.Example sentence: The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Assuredly in our political campaigns there is freedom to think , to examine any and all issues , and to speak without restraint . 
	 4.Example sentence: One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems . 

Frequency of Synset('topic.n.02'): 40  (some situation or event that is thought about)
	 1.Example sentence: Location theorists have given these matters much consideration . 
	 2.Example sentence: Dr. Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the Century Magazine or Harper 's but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in The Messenger , `` so our readers will be benefited instead '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Under her father 's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter . 

Frequency of Synset('consequence.n.01'): 199  (a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon)
	 1.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 
	 2.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: One result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('win.v.01.win')
Frequency of Synset('win.v.01'): 69  (be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious)
	 1.Example sentence: The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1952 , it will be remembered , the G. O. P. without positive program campaigned on the popular disillusionment with liberal leadership and won overwhelmingly . 
	 3.Example sentence: I tell you when it 's necessary to hurt in order to win - you won n't do it . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the cow camps , Tom Horn was regarded as a hero , as the same kind of champion he was when he entered and invariably won the local rodeos . 

Frequency of Synset('acquire.v.05'): 55  (win something through one's efforts)
	 1.Example sentence: `` We were brought up that way '' was one statement which won general assent . 
	 2.Example sentence: In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams . 
	 3.Example sentence: One is that they were established , or gained eminence , under pressure provided by these same immigrants , from whom the old families wished to segregate their children . 
	 4.Example sentence: We unanimously agreed that Prokofieff had won his rights as a world citizen to the first ranks of Twentieth Century Composers . 

Frequency of Synset('succeed.v.01'): 25  (attain success or reach a desired goal)
	 1.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 2.Example sentence: Having had every opportunity to rebut the finding of the local board before both the hearing officer and the appeal board , petitioner cannot now claim that he was denied due process because he did not succeed . 
	 3.Example sentence: One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning . 
	 4.Example sentence: They sit alone in their rooms and try to paint , and only succeed in isolating themselves still farther from life . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('trouble.n.04.difficulty')
Frequency of Synset('trouble.n.04'): 24  (an effort that is inconvenient)
	 1.Example sentence: With difficulty , Hudson persuaded him to rejoin the ship , and they sailed from Iceland . 
	 2.Example sentence: Apparently he never took the trouble to find out . 
	 3.Example sentence: The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure , the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses , the one who goes the farthest to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort . 
	 4.Example sentence: We do n't none of us want no trouble . 

Frequency of Synset('difficulty.n.02'): 12  (a factor causing trouble in achieving a positive result or tending to produce a negative result)
	 1.Example sentence: I lived in this onward driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 
	 3.Example sentence: This explanation of tone difficulties , however , does not apply in all languages . 
	 4.Example sentence: The difficulty was that each day seemed to produce its quota of details which must be cleaned up immediately . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hang.v.01.hang')
Frequency of Synset('hang.v.01'): 27  (be suspended or hanging)
	 1.Example sentence: Fog hung over the route constantly . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then we hung overboard in the water . 
	 3.Example sentence: A match flared , and he reached above his head to light a lantern which hung from a wire loop . 
	 4.Example sentence: She took Glendora to the smokehouse , unlocked it and saw with satisfaction there was still a quantity of hams and sides of bacon , hanging from the smoke stained rafters . 

Frequency of Synset('hang.v.02'): 12  (cause to be hanging or suspended)
	 1.Example sentence: Would he have to clean up after her every day , clean the kitchen , the bathroom , and get down on his knees and scrub the kitchen floor , then hang up her dresses , pick up her stockings , make the bed while she lay around ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He also bought a huge square of pegboard for hanging up his tools , and lumber for his workbench , sandpaper and glue and assorted nails , levels and T squares and plumb lines and several gadgets that he had no idea how to use or what they were for . 
	 3.Example sentence: That was where the pegboard would go on which he would hang his hand tools . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then at least he would have a place to hang his tools and something to work on . 

Frequency of Synset('hang.v.03'): 11  (kill by hanging)
	 1.Example sentence: For these crimes he was sentenced to be hanged in public on Friday , December 2 , 1859 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Concerning the sentence the editor asked , `` What else can Virginia do than to hang the men who have defied her laws , organized treason , and butchered her citizens '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Woonsocket Patriot admitted that John Brown might deserve punishment or imprisonment `` but he should no more be hung than Henry A. Wise or James Buchanan '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: On December 2 , 1859 , John Brown was hanged at Charles Town , Virginia . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('foot.n.02.foot')
Frequency of Synset('foot.n.01'): 62  (the part of the leg of a human being below the ankle joint)
	 1.Example sentence: I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . 
	 2.Example sentence: A shot or two went wild before Cobb felt something tug at his foot . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is dull business , detecting , and hard on feet . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the King Arthur one guest had had his head heavily bandaged , and another had a bandaged foot and had walked with crutches . 

Frequency of Synset('foot.n.02'): 75  (a linear unit of length equal to 12 inches or a third of a yard)
	 1.Example sentence: Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet . 
	 2.Example sentence: To starboard was a cape a thousand feet high , patched with ice and snow , populated by thousands of screaming sea birds . 
	 3.Example sentence: To port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a precipice of 2000 feet . 
	 4.Example sentence: To port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a precipice of 2000 feet . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('idea.n.01.idea')
Frequency of Synset('idea.n.01'): 187  (the content of cognition; the main thing you are thinking about)
	 1.Example sentence: For weeks he had been saying that Hudson 's idea of sailing through to Java was absurd . 
	 2.Example sentence: The old way of doing things , which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no longer adequate to the task . 
	 3.Example sentence: With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host 's fertile but disorganized mind . 
	 4.Example sentence: This was my second day in Vientiane , the administrative capital of Laos , and my thoughts were none too brave . 

Frequency of Synset('estimate.n.01'): 17  (an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth)
	 1.Example sentence: It is interesting that , although the percentage of married students is not appreciably higher at Brooklyn than elsewhere - about 30 per cent of the women and 25 per cent of the men in the graduating class - the anxiety of the unmarried has puffed up the estimate . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , it is not known to either the union or the public precisely how much of a cost increase is caused by a given change in the basic wage rate , although the companies are presumed to have reliable estimates of this magnitude . 
	 3.Example sentence: Are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization ; who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume , production , and distribution costs ; and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some assurance ? 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Do you have any idea who might have been in charge at the time '' ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mass.n.05.mass')
Frequency of Synset('mass.n.01'): 35  (the property of a body that causes it to have weight in a gravitational field)
	 1.Example sentence: The data provide a measure of the total mass of cosmic material incident upon the Earth . 
	 2.Example sentence: The impact rate on 1958 Alpha for 153 events was * * f for particles of mass greater than * * f ( Dubin , 1960 ) ; this mass threshold was derived from the detector calibration and an assumed impact velocity of * * f . 
	 3.Example sentence: The impact rate on 1958 Alpha for 153 events was * * f for particles of mass greater than * * f ( Dubin , 1960 ) ; this mass threshold was derived from the detector calibration and an assumed impact velocity of * * f . 
	 4.Example sentence: On May 15 , a very large increase occurred with * * f of mass between * * f and * * f ; for the next two days , the impact rate was * * f ; and for the next nine days , the impact rate was less than * * f ( Nazarova , 1960 ) . 

Frequency of Synset('batch.n.02'): 15  ((often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 3.Example sentence: Must have cost plenty . 
	 4.Example sentence: That was more like a thought , but not a great deal more . 

Frequency of Synset('bulk.n.02'): 14  (the property of something that is great in magnitude)
	 1.Example sentence: For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . 
	 2.Example sentence: Are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization ; who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume , production , and distribution costs ; and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some assurance ? 
	 3.Example sentence: With greater investments in plant facilities , with automation growing , you can n't switch around , either in volume or in product design , as much as was formerly possible - or at least not as economically . 
	 4.Example sentence: It argued , inter alia , that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and du Pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('view.n.04.view')
Frequency of Synset('position.n.03'): 58  (a way of regarding situations or topics etc.)
	 1.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was not opposed to either justice or morality ; it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 4.Example sentence: We granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act . 

Frequency of Synset('view.n.02'): 19  (the visual percept of a region)
	 1.Example sentence: The classical lines of the church which Napoleon thought of as a Temple of Glory , dominated all the scene where we sat . 
	 2.Example sentence: She started back for the house , saw a light in the office , opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder . 
	 3.Example sentence: He drove , and the road wobbled , familiar scenes crept past on either side . 
	 4.Example sentence: The only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that obtained from an upper bough of the apple tree . 

Frequency of Synset('opinion.n.01'): 28  (a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: Just do n't tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would agree with this view . 
	 4.Example sentence: first , because it is important in itself , and , second , because he knows that the American public cares about a decent respect for the opinions of mankind . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sound.v.01.sound')
Frequency of Synset('sound.v.01'): 37  (appear in a certain way)
	 1.Example sentence: The great , crushing ice masses coming into view made him sound like the voice of pure reason . 
	 2.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Sounds exactly like last time '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Prettier , she 'd do her hair another way ; smarter , and wear different kinds of clothes - she 'd be Katharine Ross , just what that sounded like . 

Frequency of Synset('sound.v.02'): 14  (make a certain noise or sound)
	 1.Example sentence: A split second later , the distant crack of a rifle had sounded . 
	 2.Example sentence: Andy Ross had just started swinging an ax at his second willow when the distant blast of a rifle sounded . 
	 3.Example sentence: Let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on the first . 
	 4.Example sentence: Must records always sound like records ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('articulation.n.03.voice')
Frequency of Synset('voice.n.01'): 50  (the distinctive quality or pitch or condition of a person's speech)
	 1.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Shadow , the more talkative , began at once to talk , her voice piteous . 
	 3.Example sentence: The voice had music in it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Even with words coming too fast , they came on the music of the voice . 

Frequency of Synset('voice.n.02'): 46  (the sound made by the vibration of vocal folds modified by the resonance of the vocal tract)
	 1.Example sentence: A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws , but he kept control upon his voice . 
	 2.Example sentence: They 're Japs '' , came a high-pitched voice . 
	 3.Example sentence: Sleepily , as if half reluctant to break the silence , he lifted his voice : `` Rhu-beb ni ice fresh rhu-beb today '' ! 
	 4.Example sentence: Cows were kept in backyard barns , boys were hired to drive them to and from the pasture on the edge of town , and familiar to the ear , morning and evening , were the boys ' coaxing voices , the thud of hooves , and the thwack of a stick on cowhide . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('announce.v.01.announce')
Frequency of Synset('announce.v.01'): 72  (make known; make an announcement)
	 1.Example sentence: A group of sailors announced to Hudson that they would sail no farther . 
	 2.Example sentence: The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure , the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses , the one who goes the farthest to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Leopard 's Spots came from the pen of Thomas Dixon in 1902 , and in this he announced an `` unchangeable '' law . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Witt House happily announces the engagement of Fran Horowitz to Erwin Schwartz of Fife House '' . 

Frequency of Synset('announce.v.02'): 26  (announce publicly or officially)
	 1.Example sentence: Strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because disagreements would have to be settled by government representatives acting as controllers of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent , as they are each a part of the whole . 
	 2.Example sentence: On May 9 , 1958 , the Commissioner announced his rulings . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pope Pius 12 , declared in 1951 that it is possible to be exempt from the normal obligation of parenthood for a long time and even for the whole duration of married life , if there are serious reasons , such as those often mentioned in the so-called medical , eugenic , economic and social `` indications '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself , the Conference declared : `` We steadfastly uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('alternatively.r.01.instead')
Frequency of Synset('alternatively.r.01'): 36  (in place of, or as an alternative to)
	 1.Example sentence: Instead of quelling the dissension , as many captains of the era would have done ( Sir Francis Drake lopped a man 's head off under similar circumstances ) , Hudson decided to be reasonable . 
	 2.Example sentence: Since conventional methods are insensitive at the low frequencies of these molecular transitions , the paramagnetic resonance method is being used instead . 
	 3.Example sentence: Dr. Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the Century Magazine or Harper 's but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in The Messenger , `` so our readers will be benefited instead '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The image of the world tends to reflect the hostility and indifference of man or else to dissolve into empty spaces and overwhelming mystery . 

Frequency of Synset('rather.r.01'): 79  (on the contrary)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 4.Example sentence: Consider using vending machines rather than subsidized cafeterias . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('similar.a.01.similar')
Frequency of Synset('similar.a.01'): 60  (marked by correspondence or resemblance)
	 1.Example sentence: Instead of quelling the dissension , as many captains of the era would have done ( Sir Francis Drake lopped a man 's head off under similar circumstances ) , Hudson decided to be reasonable . 
	 2.Example sentence: The career of Charles 12 , is obviously very similar to that of Napoleon . 
	 3.Example sentence: Another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported : `` The Yankees keep Shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink , so I will close '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Similar comments about officers are to be found in the letters of Northern soldiers . 

Frequency of Synset('like.a.01'): 26  (resembling or similar; having the same or some of the same characteristics; often used in combination)
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; he found money much more interesting ; but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living - and paid for his own stuff - and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill . 
	 2.Example sentence: A seeping coldness entered Holden 's being ; his nerves seemed frost-bitten down to the tips of his tingling fingers and his spine felt stiff and glass like , liable to break like an icicle at any moment . 
	 3.Example sentence: Sarason et al. present evidence that the anxious child will suffer in the test like situation , and that his performance will be impaired unless he receives supporting and accepting treatment from the teacher . 
	 4.Example sentence: To a much less full extent , the hebephrenic person 's belching or flatus has a comparable communicative function ; in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch , or the passage of flatus , not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze , but also because he learns that even these animal like sounds constitute forms of communication in which , from time to time , quite different things are being said , long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these , as distinct feelings and concepts , to say them in words . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('circumstance.n.01.circumstance')
Frequency of Synset('circumstance.n.01'): 33  (a condition that accompanies or influences some event or activity)
	 1.Example sentence: Instead of quelling the dissension , as many captains of the era would have done ( Sir Francis Drake lopped a man 's head off under similar circumstances ) , Hudson decided to be reasonable . 
	 2.Example sentence: The letters which poured forth from camps were usually written under adverse circumstances . 
	 3.Example sentence: Another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported : `` The Yankees keep Shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink , so I will close '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Circumstances alter cases . 

Frequency of Synset('circumstance.n.03'): 15  (information that should be kept in mind when making a decision)
	 1.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 
	 2.Example sentence: Merely having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consideration . 
	 3.Example sentence: National defense considerations have been the major reason behind most Federal training expenditures in recent decades . 
	 4.Example sentence: This Court agreed with the trial court `` that considerations of price , quality and service were not overlooked by either du Pont or General Motors '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('issue.v.04.emerge')
Frequency of Synset('emerge.v.01'): 34  (come out into view, as from concealment)
	 1.Example sentence: International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . 
	 2.Example sentence: Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . 
	 3.Example sentence: When several minutes had passed and Curt had n't emerged from the livery stable , Brenner re-entered the hotel and faced Summers across the counter . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is at this point in his life that the mature Prokofieff emerges . 

Frequency of Synset('issue.v.04'): 14  (come out of)
	 1.Example sentence: He went to his cabin and emerged carrying a large chart , which he set up in view of the crew . 
	 2.Example sentence: The corporation in America is in reality our form of socialism , vying in a sense with the other socialistic form that has emerged within governmental bureaucracy . 
	 3.Example sentence: He spotted Docherty coming out of a room at the far end of the corridor and called to him . 
	 4.Example sentence: But it would not come . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('path.n.04.course')
Frequency of Synset('course.n.01'): 65  (education imparted in a series of lessons or meetings)
	 1.Example sentence: However , a growing intellectual sophistication and the new certitudes imparted by courses in psychology and anthropology make the students increasingly critical of their somewhat provincial and overprotective parents . 
	 2.Example sentence: The girls are prone to dress far more flamboyantly than their counterparts out of town , and eye shadow , mascara , and elaborate bouffant hairdos - despite the admonitions of cautious guidance personnel - are not unknown even in early morning classes . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 4.Example sentence: In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 . 

Frequency of Synset('course.n.02'): 22  (a connected series of events or actions or developments)
	 1.Example sentence: With troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground , it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication . 
	 2.Example sentence: Questions and , particularly , exclamations are usually channeled along informal , horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor . 
	 3.Example sentence: It worried him , this inability to get the simplest things done in the course of a day . 
	 4.Example sentence: Your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70 th Anniversary for the April issue of Sovietskaya Muzyka is accepted with pleasure , because I admire the music of Prokofieff ; and with sober purpose , because the development of Prokofieff personifies , in many ways , the course of music in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics . 

Frequency of Synset('course.n.03'): 12  (general line of orientation)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots ? 
	 2.Example sentence: In the course of our talk , Askington mentioned that he spent part of each week studying . 
	 3.Example sentence: We are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest , seeking human dignity . 
	 4.Example sentence: Spraying continued along a two mile course . 

Frequency of Synset('class.n.02'): 30  (a body of students who are taught together)
	 1.Example sentence: The writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in St. Joseph , Missouri . 
	 2.Example sentence: In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 . 
	 3.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 
	 4.Example sentence: Undoubtedly far more can be done in the lower grades in this regard in the Negro schools . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('complete.v.01.finish')
Frequency of Synset('complete.v.01'): 93  (come or bring to a finish or an end)
	 1.Example sentence: When Hudson had finished , the `` town meeting '' broke down into a general , wordy argument . 
	 2.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 
	 3.Example sentence: He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . 
	 4.Example sentence: Joyce went on , `` When we 'd finished , Lou - Mr. Thor - asked me to stay a little longer . 

Frequency of Synset('finish_up.v.02'): 12  (finally be or do something)
	 1.Example sentence: Whatever his original assignment , the fictional private eye ends up by investigating and solving a crime , usually a murder . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Is n't enough time to go into it '' , he finished , and slammed the door in his son 's face . 
	 3.Example sentence: The daughter replied , `` Oh , I had dinner with - well , you do n't know him but he 's awfully nice - and we went to a couple of places - I do n't suppose you 've heard of them - and we finished up at a cute little night club - I forget the name of it . 
	 4.Example sentence: He finished the worship service as if there had been no brazen attempt to dishonor God and man . 

Frequency of Synset('end.v.01'): 65  (have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical)
	 1.Example sentence: The first half of The Charles Men , ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709 , is more dramatically coherent than the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in My own Mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('general.a.01.general')
Frequency of Synset('general.a.01'): 86  (applying to all or most members of a category or group)
	 1.Example sentence: When Hudson had finished , the `` town meeting '' broke down into a general , wordy argument . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories , each depicting a special phase of the general subject . 
	 3.Example sentence: The general effect is tragic . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is different with his volume The Swedes and Their Chieftains ( Svenskarna och deras ho ^ vdingar ) , a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students . 

Frequency of Synset('cosmopolitan.s.03'): 21  (of worldwide scope or applicability; ; - Christopher Morley)
	 1.Example sentence: Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . 
	 2.Example sentence: A number of other nineteenth century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; that is , from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 4.Example sentence: We have proved so able to solve technological problems that to contend we cannot realize a universal goal in the immediate future is to be extremely shortsighted , if nothing else . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('talk.v.02.speak')
Frequency of Synset('talk.v.02'): 87  (express in speech)
	 1.Example sentence: Up spoke carpenter Staffe , who said he would n't give ten pounds to be home . 
	 2.Example sentence: The young man spoke steadily enough , but all at once he looked grotesquely unshaven . 
	 3.Example sentence: Neither spoke till they reached their horses . 
	 4.Example sentence: Harris J. Griston , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' . 

Frequency of Synset('talk.v.01'): 152  (exchange thoughts; talk with)
	 1.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 2.Example sentence: He thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the eve of his return to their native Naxos he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection . 
	 4.Example sentence: They talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body . 

Frequency of Synset('speak.v.03'): 29  (use language)
	 1.Example sentence: `` You talk so well , Carla '' , he went on . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` That was Tee-wah I was talking . 
	 3.Example sentence: One of the ironies of the present crusade for Christian unity is that there are not , relatively speaking , many real Christians to unite . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hal , the linguist , saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein . 

Frequency of Synset('address.v.02'): 16  (give a speech to)
	 1.Example sentence: In September ' 76 Thomas Huxley , Darwin 's famous disciple , came from England to speak in a crowded auditorium at the formal opening of the University ; and although it was a school for men only , it afforded Henrietta an opportunity to attend its public lectures . 
	 2.Example sentence: The collective by which I address you in the title above is neither patronizing nor jocose but an exact industrial term in use among professional thieves . 
	 3.Example sentence: He spoke briefly , sensibly , to the point and without oratorical flourishes He made good , plain American common sense and the House usually recognized it and acted upon it . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Mayor spoke yesterday at the United Irish Counties Feis on the Hunter College Campus in the Bronx . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('effective.a.01.effective')
Frequency of Synset('effective.a.01'): 29  (producing or capable of producing an intended result or having a striking effect; -LewisMumford)
	 1.Example sentence: The statement was effective . 
	 2.Example sentence: the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; and the scope and adequacy of State mine safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior shall submit a report of his findings , together with recommendations for an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) based upon such findings , to the Congress not more than two years after the date of enactment of this Act . 
	 4.Example sentence: But by now O ' Banion 's political pull was beginning to be effective . 

Frequency of Synset('effective.s.02'): 17  (able to accomplish a purpose; functioning effectively; -G.B.Shaw)
	 1.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 2.Example sentence: At this date , it seems probable that the name of Serge Prokofieff will appear in the archives of History , as an effective Traditionalist , who was fully aware of the lure and danger of experimentation , and used it as it served his purpose ; yet was never caught up in it - never a slave to its academic dialectics . 
	 3.Example sentence: Few states make effective use of their existing vocational education programs or funds for the purpose of attracting new industry . 
	 4.Example sentence: Have you studied the caliber and sales approaches of your sales force in relation to requirements for effective marketing ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('snow.n.02.snow')
Frequency of Synset('snow.n.01'): 13  (precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new , dominant stress will probably be on here in it rarely snows here , but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow , dominant stress will probably be on snows . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new , dominant stress will probably be on here in it rarely snows here , but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow , dominant stress will probably be on snows . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus the unstressed it of it rarely snows here gets its significance from its use with snows : nothing can snow snow but `` it '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: This will be a problem in areas of heavy snowfall . 

Frequency of Synset('snow.n.02'): 11  (a layer of snowflakes (white crystals of frozen water) covering the ground)
	 1.Example sentence: To starboard was a cape a thousand feet high , patched with ice and snow , populated by thousands of screaming sea birds . 
	 2.Example sentence: Slowly the procession of warriors and statesmen passes through the snow beside the black water and into the brilliantly lighted cathedral , the shrine of so many precious memories . 
	 3.Example sentence: After heavy rains and an onslaught of mice , snow fell on October 15 , 1825 , and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick . 
	 4.Example sentence: I decided I hated the Pedersen kid too , dying in our kitchen while I was away where I could n't watch , dying just to entertain Hans and making me go up snapping steps and down a drafty hall , Pa lumped under the covers at the end like dung covered with snow , snoring and whistling . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('bulk.n.02.bulk')
Frequency of Synset('majority.n.01'): 22  (the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part)
	 1.Example sentence: Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . 
	 2.Example sentence: Under pressure from parents , the majority of Brooklyn College girls major in education since that co-ordinates best with marriage plans - limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours . 
	 3.Example sentence: A hydrostatic head correction has been neither necessary nor applicable in the determination of vapor pressures or temperatures for the bulk liquid helium . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , the surface temperature gradient can produce erroneous vapor-pressure measurements for the bulk liquid helium unless precautions are taken to isolate the tube ( which passes through the surface to the vapor pressure bulb ) from the liquid helium surface . 

Frequency of Synset('bulk.n.02'): 14  (the property of something that is great in magnitude)
	 1.Example sentence: For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . 
	 2.Example sentence: Are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization ; who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume , production , and distribution costs ; and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some assurance ? 
	 3.Example sentence: With greater investments in plant facilities , with automation growing , you can n't switch around , either in volume or in product design , as much as was formerly possible - or at least not as economically . 
	 4.Example sentence: It argued , inter alia , that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and du Pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('brush.v.05.brush')
Frequency of Synset('brush.v.01'): 11  (rub with a brush, or as if with a brush)
	 1.Example sentence: After a time , he straightened again , brushing the red Permian dust from his hands , slapping it from his six dollar levis and his tailored , twenty-five dollar shirt . 
	 2.Example sentence: He arose slowly and brushed himself off . 
	 3.Example sentence: But just when she seemed to have sunk into some depravity of peasanthood she would disappear and come down bathed , brushed , and taking breaths of air , and even with her broken nails her hands would come to rest on a table or a leaf with a thoughtless delicacy , a grace of history , so to speak , and for an instant one saw how ferociously proud she was and adamant on certain questions of personal value . 
	 4.Example sentence: Wilson brushed the dust from his coat . 

Frequency of Synset('brush.v.04'): 11  (sweep across or over)
	 1.Example sentence: Han 's student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent . 
	 2.Example sentence: Out of the church and into his big car , it tooling over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the pike ahead and after he hit college , his expansiveness , the quaint little pine board tourist courts , cabins really , with a cute naked light bulb in the ceiling ( unfrosted and naked as a streetlight , like the one on the corner where you used to play when you were a kid , where you watched the bats swooping in after the bugs , watching in between your bouts at hopscotch ) , a room complete with moths pinging the light and the few casual cockroaches cruising the walls , an insect Highway Patrol with feelers waving . 
	 3.Example sentence: A hay wagon moved slowly along the gutter , the top of it swept by the low boughs of the maple trees , and loose straws were left hanging tangled among the leaves . 
	 4.Example sentence: After the storm , the sky cleared blue and cool , and fragrant air swept the hills . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('land.n.04.land')
Frequency of Synset('land.n.01'): 22  (the land on which real estate is located)
	 1.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 2.Example sentence: acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; 
	 3.Example sentence: acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; 
	 4.Example sentence: Since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of the Hudson's Bay Company , he purchased great blocks of the Company's stock with the view to controlling its policies . 

Frequency of Synset('land.n.02'): 21  (material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use))
	 1.Example sentence: Within a few years the Scots , engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley , were joined by a group called Meurons . 
	 2.Example sentence: The high cost of land , supplies , and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis . 
	 3.Example sentence: Land within commuting distance of a growing city is usually high in price , higher if it has subdivision possibilities . 
	 4.Example sentence: Part-time farming can take comparatively little land , labor , and equipment - or a great deal . 

Frequency of Synset('domain.n.02'): 13  (territory over which rule or control is exercised)
	 1.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 
	 2.Example sentence: Throughout the land their hit-and-run terrorists spread fear of ambush and death . 
	 3.Example sentence: To many a Frenchman - they came 95 years ago , colonized , and stayed until Laos became independent in 1953 - the land had been even more delightfully tranquil than Tahiti . 
	 4.Example sentence: People talk about `` the law of the land '' . 

Frequency of Synset('land.n.04'): 58  (the solid part of the earth's surface)
	 1.Example sentence: North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week . 
	 2.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; it did not even provide the architect 's plan for anything new . 

Frequency of Synset('country.n.02'): 34  (the territory occupied by a nation)
	 1.Example sentence: In what section of the country are you located ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 3.Example sentence: He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory . 
	 4.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 

Frequency of Synset('nation.n.02'): 23  (the people who live in a nation or country)
	 1.Example sentence: He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory . 
	 2.Example sentence: Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Admirably written , it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries . 
	 4.Example sentence: You might say we are in the nation building business '' . 

Frequency of Synset('state.n.04'): 122  (a politically organized body of people under a single government)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('appear.v.02.appear')
Frequency of Synset('look.v.02'): 736  (give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . 
	 4.Example sentence: This was the bitter end , and Hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure . 

Frequency of Synset('appear.v.02'): 91  (come into sight or view)
	 1.Example sentence: North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week . 
	 2.Example sentence: As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared . 
	 3.Example sentence: Without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling , which he then stained and waxed according to his taste . 
	 4.Example sentence: When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart . 

Frequency of Synset('appear.v.03'): 21  (be issued or published)
	 1.Example sentence: This comes out in `` When the Bells Ring '' , which describes the rallying of the peasants in southern Sweden to repel an invasion by the Danes . 
	 2.Example sentence: For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the steprelationship . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We 've got Father and Mother and each other , '' said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott 's Little Women ; and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; and the Szold family , as it developed , bore a striking resemblance to the Marches . 
	 4.Example sentence: At this date , it seems probable that the name of Serge Prokofieff will appear in the archives of History , as an effective Traditionalist , who was fully aware of the lure and danger of experimentation , and used it as it served his purpose ; yet was never caught up in it - never a slave to its academic dialectics . 

Frequency of Synset('appear.v.04'): 82  (seem to be true, probable, or apparent)
	 1.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . 
	 3.Example sentence: It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , in addition , required kosher food . 
	 4.Example sentence: It seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them , could place them , it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('repeat.v.05.repeat')
Frequency of Synset('repeat.v.01'): 25  (to say, state, or perform again)
	 1.Example sentence: The same command is repeated as many times as there are levels in rank from general to corporal . 
	 2.Example sentence: This restates the already widely known facts in terms of prosodies . 
	 3.Example sentence: They 'd have some suspicions to repeat to the police . 
	 4.Example sentence: We repeat , that the test of a violation of 7 is whether , at the time of suit , there is a reasonable probability that the acquisition is likely to result in the condemned restraints . 

Frequency of Synset('duplicate.v.01'): 14  (make or do or perform again)
	 1.Example sentence: The first eight of these eighteen statements , which received at least one-half of the votes , were duplicated to form an analysis checklist for the particular manager , and when this particular manager roleplayed in other situations , the members checked any items that appeared . 
	 2.Example sentence: After the male and female andrenas have mated , the cycle is repeated . 
	 3.Example sentence: Great actors and actresses - the most notable being Sarah Bernhardt - were hired to repeat their stage performances before the camera . 
	 4.Example sentence: This would mean , it can readily be seen , that , again , for each new visual experience the tracing motions would have to be repeated because of the absence of visual imagery . 

Frequency of Synset('recur.v.01'): 13  (happen or occur again)
	 1.Example sentence: In this essay , we are , along with most historians , interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas , that are so to speak `` writ large '' in history of literature where they recur continually . 
	 2.Example sentence: Perhaps the most powerful and most frequently recurring literary influence on the Western world has been that of the Old and New Testament . 
	 3.Example sentence: To minimize the chances of repeating the Balafrej debacle the Ibrahim government was formed a titer personnel and a special office was created in the Ministry of the Interior to plan and to conduct the elections . 
	 4.Example sentence: Apart from some areas of recurring trouble , like Bani Mellal , where inexperienced officials had been appointed , there is little evidence that local officials intervened in the electoral process . 

Frequency of Synset('repeat.v.04'): 11  (to say again or imitate)
	 1.Example sentence: Oh , God , the name repeated over and over , anybody to hear - Not being a fool , Mr. Skyros knew why . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Somewhere ! '' she repeated . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Moriarty '' , my driver suddenly exclaimed with something so definite , so final in his tone I once more repeated the absurdity , mustering all my latent powers of hypocrisy to sound convinced . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Sportin '' ' ! he echoed again in soft wonder . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fill.v.02.fill')
Frequency of Synset('fill.v.01'): 57  (make full, also in a metaphorical sense)
	 1.Example sentence: Emerson - Platonist , idealist , doctrinaire - sounded a high Transcendental note in his `` Boston Hymn '' , delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : `` Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was filled with dust and wind and sound and violence . 
	 3.Example sentence: Walls of water rushed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods . 
	 4.Example sentence: She was deeply , horribly sure that Lucien had filled it with opium . 

Frequency of Synset('fill.v.02'): 11  (become full)
	 1.Example sentence: Hundreds of miles to the north , the route back to England through the `` Furious Overfall '' was again filling with ice . 
	 2.Example sentence: hell will be filde with do [ c ] ters and offersey when this war is over '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: In place of the police headquarters was a new square filled with rubble . 
	 4.Example sentence: The bubble was filled to the top and special precautions were taken to prevent any sample from remaining in the capillary . 

Frequency of Synset('fill.v.04'): 26  (assume, as of positions or roles)
	 1.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 2.Example sentence: State governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational schools , but their focus is still on area job opportunities . 
	 3.Example sentence: First , let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times , now the corporation per se cannot take economic leadership . 
	 4.Example sentence: A world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more self-assertive , too '' . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.04'): 40  (fill or meet a want or need)
	 1.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 
	 2.Example sentence: The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need . 
	 3.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 4.Example sentence: The connective system , or network , is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective , and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory , a college , or a rural village . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('testify.v.02.prove')
Frequency of Synset('prove.v.01'): 58  (be shown or be found to be)
	 1.Example sentence: The resulting magnetic effect proved stronger than when the discharge was made lengthwise . 
	 2.Example sentence: Alas , so it almost proved for us , too . 
	 3.Example sentence: Which probably would turn out to be true ; which he obviously had to be given the opportunity to say . 
	 4.Example sentence: The result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as typographic ' esthetics ' , which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from European languages . 

Frequency of Synset('prove.v.02'): 146  (establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment)
	 1.Example sentence: A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . 
	 2.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature , as proven by Bruckmann and Coulomb . 
	 4.Example sentence: The PM might show he drowned instead , but that 's what the once-over-lightly gives us . 

Frequency of Synset('testify.v.02'): 65  (provide evidence for)
	 1.Example sentence: Juet demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial . 
	 2.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Reading the Old Testament would have shown the dramatist that the ideas attributed to Shylock were abhorrent to the Jews . 
	 4.Example sentence: Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle . 

Frequency of Synset('test.v.01'): 50  (put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to)
	 1.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long sought waterway . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ideas need to be tested , and not merely by argument and debate . 
	 4.Example sentence: A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('open.s.04.open')
Frequency of Synset('open.a.01'): 32  (affording unobstructed entrance and exit; not shut or closed)
	 1.Example sentence: All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder . 
	 2.Example sentence: A single kick made it spring open , shuddering . 
	 3.Example sentence: As Curt had hoped , the house door banged open . 
	 4.Example sentence: The door swung open , and Jess said sourly , `` What the hell 's the matter with you ? '' 

Frequency of Synset('open.a.02'): 15  (affording free passage or access)
	 1.Example sentence: Experiments have shown that the shutter is 75 percent open in about 60 - 80 microseconds . 
	 2.Example sentence: The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead . 
	 3.Example sentence: Mercifully , it was still open . 
	 4.Example sentence: When these had been pocketed , we could still spend a morning cracking open other pebbles for our delight in seeing how much prettier they were inside than their dull exteriors indicated . 

Frequency of Synset('exposed.s.01'): 16  (with no protection or shield)
	 1.Example sentence: At the first restaurant he sensibly pulled up to go in for his dinner , and as a consequence did not see Cobb strike the open range at the mouth of the canyon and head straight across the swells for Antler . 
	 2.Example sentence: Gradually the wash climbed upward , forcing him toward open range . 
	 3.Example sentence: The bitterness of their wedding night still ripped within him like an open wound . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the center of any open space remaining our grandfathers had planted syringa and sweet shrub , snowball , rose-of-Sharon and balm-of-Gilead . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hold.v.03.hold')
Frequency of Synset('keep.v.01'): 297  (keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,)
	 1.Example sentence: Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . 
	 2.Example sentence: Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.02'): 61  (have or hold in one's hands or grip)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A man was holding onto Lou , holding him up . 
	 2.Example sentence: Curt was holding Jess 's gun in his left hand . 
	 3.Example sentence: Lolotte held a patch of leather , Rev steadied something , a tiny brad , waiting for George 's poised hammer . 
	 4.Example sentence: He held the controls where they had been . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.03'): 119  (organize or be responsible for)
	 1.Example sentence: The trial was held September 10 . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have 2500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 4.Example sentence: The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West . 

Frequency of Synset('have.v.01'): 1192  (have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 3.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 4.Example sentence: If you have an annual or regular physical examination program , is it worth what it is costing you ? 

Frequency of Synset('deem.v.01'): 21  (keep in mind or convey as a conviction or view)
	 1.Example sentence: In Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation ( Paris , 1813 ) under the title Recherches sur l ' identite des forces chimiques et electriques , a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists . 
	 2.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 
	 3.Example sentence: Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; petitioner was not denied due process ; and his conviction is sustained . 
	 4.Example sentence: Section 6 ( j ) of the Act , as we have held , does require the Department 's recommendation to be placed in a registrant 's file . 

Frequency of Synset('harbor.v.01'): 22  (maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings))
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: In one debate he supported the freedom of judgment as opposed to dogma , in another he held that the practice of science was in fact an act of religious worship . 
	 3.Example sentence: Today , the Roman Catholic and Orthodox Churches stand virtually alone in holding that conviction . 
	 4.Example sentence: The general board declared : `` Most of the Protestant churches hold contraception and periodic continence to be morally right when the motives are right . 

Frequency of Synset('restrain.v.03'): 14  (to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A man was holding onto Lou , holding him up . 
	 2.Example sentence: Kneeling , Cobb planted a sturdy knee in the small of his back , holding him pinned . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now , Mis-ter McBride '' , said Lord , and he laid a firmly restraining hand on the field boss 's arm . 
	 4.Example sentence: Blockade runners can be stopped - by gunfire , if necessary - searched and held , at least temporarily . 

Frequency of Synset('retain.v.03'): 15  (secure and keep for possible future use or application)
	 1.Example sentence: The Pathet Lao forces held two northern provinces and openly took the offensive in three more . 
	 2.Example sentence: We hold safe little jobs illustrating tooth-paste ads or the salacious incidents in trivial novels , and most of our easel painting is nothing but picking the fluff out of the navel so it can be contemplated in greater purity . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Committeemen , hold your fire ! 
	 4.Example sentence: Hold your fire '' ! 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.10'): 25  (be the physical support of; carry the weight of)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A man was holding onto Lou , holding him up . 
	 2.Example sentence: To his faint surprise Russ held up his hand . 
	 3.Example sentence: Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit . 
	 4.Example sentence: The phonemic systems which must support these morphophonemic systems , however , are very different . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.11'): 47  (contain or hold; have within)
	 1.Example sentence: His head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment , much less a corps . 
	 2.Example sentence: What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor 's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes - and handbag containing her identification . 
	 3.Example sentence: Surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in 15 - and 25 - liter metallic storage dewars . 
	 4.Example sentence: He looked thoughtfully at his wife 's trunk , holding her meager treasures . 

Frequency of Synset('defy.v.01'): 12  (resist or confront with resistance)
	 1.Example sentence: Until recently , art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath defying his ulcer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Both types of tube withstood the pressure of approximately 20 atmospheres exerted by the carbon tetrachloride at 220 ` . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nevertheless , there are notably frequent instances of deja vu , in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before , a feeling which , though vague , withstands the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists . 

Frequency of Synset('apply.v.02'): 29  (be pertinent or relevant or applicable)
	 1.Example sentence: It appears to us that the same reasoning applies to the production of the hearing officer 's report and notes at the trial . 
	 2.Example sentence: This explanation of tone difficulties , however , does not apply in all languages . 
	 3.Example sentence: Wage price policies of industry are the result of a complex of forces - no single explanation has been found which applies to all cases . 
	 4.Example sentence: This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition `` . 

Frequency of Synset('control.v.02'): 28  (lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits)
	 1.Example sentence: These were to be kept on , to hold in the 32 souls . 
	 2.Example sentence: But both were high-spirited and vivacious , both had tempers to control , both loved languages , especially English and German , both were good teachers and wrote for publication . 
	 3.Example sentence: Distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties - and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The trouble with you '' , old man Arthur began , and then checked himself . 

Frequency of Synset('agree.v.01'): 67  (be in accord; be in agreement)
	 1.Example sentence: Arthur Williams had to be located , they agreed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Keo agreed . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I could n't agree with you more '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The appeal board , however , unanimously concurred in the Department 's recommendation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('invite.v.07.call_for')
Frequency of Synset('request.v.01'): 11  (express the need or desire for; ask for)
	 1.Example sentence: Hudson , presiding , heard Juet 's defense , then called for testimony from crew members . 
	 2.Example sentence: Where this approach becomes critical , the industry can be expected to put much emphasis on this as evidence of its sincerity in `` resisting '' the wage pressures of a powerful union , requesting tariff relief after it has `` reluctantly '' acceded to the union pressure . 
	 3.Example sentence: The plan called for divestiture by du Pont of its 63000000 shares of General Motors stock by equal annual distributions to its stockholders , as a dividend , over a period of ten years . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Conference called for a vigorous campaign against the open or secret sale of contraceptives . 

Frequency of Synset('necessitate.v.01'): 320  (require as useful, just, or proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('swear.v.04.swear')
Frequency of Synset('curse.v.01'): 14  (utter obscenities or profanities)
	 1.Example sentence: Jess cursed again , and entered the barn . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then they let out a bellow of anguish and rage and , cursing , screaming and hollering `` Garryowen '' ! they charged into the enemy like wild men . 
	 3.Example sentence: He swore , and said , `` All right . 
	 4.Example sentence: Dice rolled , prostitutes plied their trade , thieves stole , murderers stabbed , and the ungodly blasphemed . 

Frequency of Synset('affirm.v.02'): 13  (to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true)
	 1.Example sentence: In his answer thereto , he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956 , and asserted that his only claim to `` pioneering '' was in 1952 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Even now no such claim is asserted . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Poetics , in affirming that all human arts are `` modes of imitation '' , gives a more serious role to artistic mimesis than did Plato . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1930 , the Lambeth Conference again affirmed the primary purpose of marriage to be the procreation of children , but conceded that , in certain limited circumstances , contraception might be morally legitimate . 

Frequency of Synset('trust.v.01'): 14  (have confidence or faith in)
	 1.Example sentence: But even when the police are honest , they do not trust the private eye . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` O Blessed Virgin Mary , Mother of God and our most gentle queen and mother , look down in mercy upon England , thy '' dowry `` , and upon us all who greatly hope and trust in thee . 
	 3.Example sentence: The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now , with the increasing interdependence between himself and Mij came a knowledge of an obscure need , that of being trusted implicitly by some creature . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('person.n.01.individual')
Frequency of Synset('person.n.01'): 1296  (a human being)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Through a door conveniently unlocked '' , Madden supplemented . 
	 2.Example sentence: Madden 's dark face wore a meditative look . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Do n't forget , there was the hope it would pass for a natural death '' , Pauling reminded him . 
	 4.Example sentence: He scooped up the receiver and said , `` Police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` Oh yes , Mr. Benson . 

Frequency of Synset('individual.n.02'): 14  (a single organism)
	 1.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 2.Example sentence: A further possibility is suggested by the example of the G. I. bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education : that is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate . 
	 3.Example sentence: Personal financial assistance would enable more emphasis to be placed on the interests of the individual . 
	 4.Example sentence: MacLean stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species , as evidenced by the influence of the limbic brain ( including the hypothalamus ) on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual functions . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('conduct.v.01.conduct')
Frequency of Synset('conduct.v.01'): 45  (direct the course of; manage or control)
	 1.Example sentence: There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves . 
	 2.Example sentence: Unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with sweethearts at home . 
	 3.Example sentence: conduct , encourage , and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for converting saline water into water suitable for beneficial consumptive purposes ; 
	 4.Example sentence: conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; 

Frequency of Synset('conduct.v.02'): 42  (lead, as in the performance of a composition)
	 1.Example sentence: I heard the Classical Symphony for the first time when Koussevitzky conducted it in Paris in 1927 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Chicago was also a welcome host : there , in 1921 , Prokofieff conducted the world premiere of the Love for Three Oranges , and played the first performance of his Third Piano Concerto . 
	 3.Example sentence: Unlike the Sicilians , he additionally conducted holdups , robberies , and safe cracking expeditions , and refused to touch prostitution . 
	 4.Example sentence: Chandler left Carroll at the bottom of the hill to direct any reinforcements he could find to the fight . 

Frequency of Synset('lead.v.01'): 121  (take somebody somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable by-product of murder , led to Garth 's door . 
	 3.Example sentence: He took Madden into the room he used as an office . 
	 4.Example sentence: I guided her to the divan , turned off the TV , faced her . 

Frequency of Synset('impart.v.03'): 11  (transmit or serve as the medium for transmission)
	 1.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Information beyond nearest neighbor is carried second - , third - , and fourth hand as a distortable rumor . 
	 3.Example sentence: Questions and , particularly , exclamations are usually channeled along informal , horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor . 
	 4.Example sentence: Questions and , particularly , exclamations are usually channeled along informal , horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('resume.v.01.resume')
Frequency of Synset('resume.v.01'): 15  (take up or begin anew)
	 1.Example sentence: As Hudson resumed his desperate criss-crossing of the little bay , every incident lessened the crew 's respect for him . 
	 2.Example sentence: The game was resumed . 
	 3.Example sentence: Any reputable French interne can supply you with a dozen similar instances , and I 'll presently recount a case out of my own personal experience , but , for the moment , let 's resume our catalogue . 
	 4.Example sentence: Before midnight he speeded his heart , resumed normal breathing , ran down his check list , uncurled and sat up . 

Frequency of Synset('sum_up.v.01'): 11  (give a summary (of))
	 1.Example sentence: When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart . 
	 2.Example sentence: When irregularity and variation prevent summarizing , information is written in complete detail . 
	 3.Example sentence: Entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Grandma was n't expected to like it '' , Dr. Marion Hilliard , the late Toronto gynecologist , once summed up the attitude of the ' 90 s . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('order.v.01.order')
Frequency of Synset('order.v.01'): 83  (give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority)
	 1.Example sentence: Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so . 
	 3.Example sentence: Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so . 
	 4.Example sentence: Who told you to do it ? 

Frequency of Synset('order.v.02'): 14  (make a request for something)
	 1.Example sentence: Alexander McDonnell , governor of Red River , and James Bird , a chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company , ordered such `` sundry articles '' to a value of 4500 . 
	 2.Example sentence: A cold supper was ordered and a bottle of port . 
	 3.Example sentence: Peter , you lummox , you 've forgot to order the musicians '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Not satisfied with various unofficial checks on the liveliness of baseballs currently in use , the major leagues have ordered their own tests , which are in progress at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 

Frequency of Synset('order.v.03'): 13  (issue commands or orders for)
	 1.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 2.Example sentence: She was going to keep on scheming , poking , prodding , suggesting , and dictating until the cops got up enough interest in him to go back to their old neighborhood and ask questions . 
	 3.Example sentence: But the pseudo capitalism which dictates our whole economy as well as our politics and social life , will not stand close scrutiny . 
	 4.Example sentence: Any claimant whose claim is denied , or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim , shall be entitled , under such regulations as the Commission may prescribe , to a hearing before the Commission , or its duly authorized representatives , with respect to such claim . 

Frequency of Synset('regulate.v.02'): 18  (bring into conformity with rules or principles or usage; impose regulations)
	 1.Example sentence: A number of other nineteenth century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; that is , from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states . 
	 2.Example sentence: The law of nature governed sovereigns in their relationship to their own citizens , to foreigners , and to each other in a conceptually unified system . 
	 3.Example sentence: Furthermore , Bern decrees that we must do as we are ordered by the Council , preach only the word of God and stop meddling in politics '' ! 
	 4.Example sentence: In a properly ordered society the massive force of public law performs the function which in natural law theory ineptly is left altogether to a small voice so often still . 

Frequency of Synset('rate.v.01'): 18  (assign a rank or rating to)
	 1.Example sentence: An objective scale was developed for rating school neighborhoods from these data . 
	 2.Example sentence: For instance , the following statement was rated low in compulsivity , `` She 's naturally quite neat about things , but it does n't bother her at all if her room gets messy . 
	 3.Example sentence: The modern student , who knows what was to come next , is likely to place first the factors of change which are visible in the eighth century . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is brought to packing houses , cleaned and graded as to size and quality , and packed in protective excelsior . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('raise.v.02.raise')
Frequency of Synset('raise.v.01'): 32  (raise the level or amount of something)
	 1.Example sentence: This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago . 
	 2.Example sentence: The George-Barden Act of 1946 raised the previous increases in annual authorizations to $ 29 million in addition to the $ 7 million under the Smith Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: For expository purposes , this is best treated as a model which spells out the conditions under which an important industry affected with the public interest would find it profitable to raise wages even in the absence of union pressures for higher wages . 
	 4.Example sentence: Because of its importance , and because the lack of price competition is well recognized , the industry is under considerable public pressure not to raise its price any more than could be justified by cost increases . 

Frequency of Synset('raise.v.02'): 53  (raise from a lower to a higher position)
	 1.Example sentence: Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone . 
	 3.Example sentence: Curt , angry enough to be a little reckless , raised his hands shoulder high . 
	 4.Example sentence: But as the tree passed , she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell . 

Frequency of Synset('raise.v.03'): 16  (cause to be heard or known; express or utter)
	 1.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 
	 2.Example sentence: There is the unexplainable , and there art raises questions that it does not attempt to answer '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel , coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means , have now raised serious questions about the value of the high energy fuel program . 
	 4.Example sentence: The question may be raised whether or not we are dealing with a common factor in anxiety and compulsivity . 

Frequency of Synset('raise.v.04'): 14  (collect funds for a specific purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: I raised some kale by hocking the good clothes I had left over from my respectable uptown life , but when that was gone I did n't have a cent . 
	 2.Example sentence: The procedure for determining the amounts of money to be spent by county colleges and raised by taxation will certainly startle many taxpayers . 
	 3.Example sentence: In either case , it could call a special session of the Legislature later in 1961 to make another stab at raising additional revenues through a tax raiser . 
	 4.Example sentence: This includes not only development programing , but also establishing tax policies designed to raise equitably resources for investment ; fiscal and monetary policies designed to prevent serious inflation ; and regulatory policies aimed to attract the financial and managerial resources of foreign investment and to prevent excessive luxury consumption by a few . 

Frequency of Synset('grow.v.07'): 19  (cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques)
	 1.Example sentence: Three quarters to 1 acre of good land is enough for raising fruits and vegetables for home use , and for a small flock of chickens , a cow , and two pigs . 
	 2.Example sentence: You could not , of course , raise feed for the livestock on a plot this small . 
	 3.Example sentence: If you want to raise feed or carry out some enterprise on a larger scale , you 'll need more land . 
	 4.Example sentence: If you are going to produce for home use only , you will need only hand tools . 

Frequency of Synset('raise.v.07'): 17  (summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic)
	 1.Example sentence: The young poet painter reproduces the French life of the streets ; he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights , and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the unconscious liberal , but not unconscious enough , to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would be the most severe reprisal , short of declared war , that the United States could invoke against Castro . 
	 4.Example sentence: William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks , it seems to me , have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected : `` For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation ) - then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification , compounding , or magnification , or any direct assault upon the affections at all . 

Frequency of Synset('raise.v.09'): 18  (construct, build, or erect)
	 1.Example sentence: Will your local bus company erect and / or maintain the bus stops at your plant ? 
	 2.Example sentence: It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; it did not even provide the architect 's plan for anything new . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Maguire family was setting up a separate camp nearby . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1918 the New England Telephone Company began erecting a building to house its operations on the corner of U. S. Rte. 7 and what is now Memorial Avenue at Manchester Center . 

Frequency of Synset('arouse.v.01'): 32  (call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses))
	 1.Example sentence: It was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did Byron 's Childe Harold . 
	 2.Example sentence: Initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Helen Deutsch informed us ( The Psychology of Women , Vol. 2 , , 434 ) that in all cultures `` the term ' stepmother ' automatically evokes deprecatory implications '' , a conclusion accepted by many . 
	 4.Example sentence: The threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` gouging the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of endangering relations with customers , Congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hit.v.02.hit')
Frequency of Synset('hit.v.01'): 25  (cause to move by striking)
	 1.Example sentence: He hit the radio button . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I can't hit anymore . 
	 3.Example sentence: Bobby Lowe of Boston was the first to hit four at home and Gil Hodges turned the trick in Brooklyn 's Ebbetts Field . 
	 4.Example sentence: In four of his nine previous seasons Mays hit as many as 25 home runs and stole as many as 25 bases . 

Frequency of Synset('hit.v.02'): 32  (hit against; come into sudden contact with)
	 1.Example sentence: Just as it was being hauled inboard , a sea hit the ship . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the end we ran into Communist artillery fire . 
	 3.Example sentence: Out of compulsion to say something cheery , Ben Prime blurted , `` Well , we were lucky to be on soft ground when the first floodheads hit . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Three shots in that fella ' fore he hit the ground ! 

Frequency of Synset('hit.v.03'): 16  (deal a blow to, either with the hand or with an instrument)
	 1.Example sentence: It was like hitting a sack of salt . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pain shout up Curt 's arm clear to the shoulder , but Jess seemed hardly aware that he had been hit . 
	 3.Example sentence: He limps , and the man who hit you and took the cane , he limped . 
	 4.Example sentence: But an enemy grenade hit Carroll in the head and detonated simultaneously . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.01'): 113  (reach a destination, either real or abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: When she reached port , she was found to have on board only eight men , all near starvation . 
	 2.Example sentence: On May 11 , she reached Iceland . 
	 3.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 4.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 

Frequency of Synset('hit.v.05'): 11  (affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely)
	 1.Example sentence: What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months ? 
	 2.Example sentence: How 's it strike you , foul or fair '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: The Hawaiian Islands are struck severely an average of once every 25 years . 
	 4.Example sentence: The answers the girls give struck me as reasonably varied and healthily individual . 

Frequency of Synset('shoot.v.01'): 17  (hit with a missile from a weapon)
	 1.Example sentence: Only those actually with Payne when he was shot , or who had left the party within not more than five minutes ( make five arbitrary ) positively had none . 
	 2.Example sentence: They had been with Payne when he was shot , could not therefore have shot him from above . 
	 3.Example sentence: They had been with Payne when he was shot , could not therefore have shot him from above . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , he thought , I doubt if she could hit the side of a barn with a shotgun . 

Frequency of Synset('score.v.01'): 21  (gain points in a game)
	 1.Example sentence: Only one of the flight scored a direct hit and the rest blew up jungle . 
	 2.Example sentence: Children scoring high in compulsivity were those who gave evidence of tension or emotionality in situations where there was lack of organization or conformity to standards and expectations , or who made exaggerated efforts to achieve these goals . 
	 3.Example sentence: If a child with an I. Q. of 120 scored 5.5 in achievement , his discrepancy score would be + .7 , representing .7 of one year of over-achievement . 
	 4.Example sentence: If such a child scored 3.0 , his discrepancy score would be - .5 , representing .5 of one year of under-achievement . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.02'): 43  (reach a point in time, or a certain state or level)
	 1.Example sentence: His salary had reached the ten thousand mark . 
	 2.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 
	 3.Example sentence: Not that such a list cannot be constructed ; but the nearer it comes to attaining universality , the less significant will it be linguistically . 
	 4.Example sentence: Failure confirms the threat , and the intensity of anxiety is increased as the required learning becomes more difficult , so that by the time the child reaches the third grade the decrement in performance is pronounced . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('throw.v.01.throw')
Frequency of Synset('throw.v.01'): 44  (propel through the air)
	 1.Example sentence: Michael Butt and Adame Moore were thrown off the capstan and badly injured . 
	 2.Example sentence: I started looking on the splintery truck bed for a piece of board , a dirt clod - anything I could throw and with better aim than I had thrown the beer bottle . 
	 3.Example sentence: I started looking on the splintery truck bed for a piece of board , a dirt clod - anything I could throw and with better aim than I had thrown the beer bottle . 
	 4.Example sentence: Eddie caught up with the ball near the fence and threw it to Phil . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.07'): 25  (convey or communicate; of a smile, a look, a physical gesture)
	 1.Example sentence: Giving the other a dark look , he hauled his bronc around and trotted down off the street . 
	 2.Example sentence: Angelo gave him an affectionate smile . 
	 3.Example sentence: His wife did n't give a sign she 'd heard . 
	 4.Example sentence: The old man gave the room a stare in leaving ; under the scraggly brows the pale old eyes burned with a bitter memory . 

Frequency of Synset('project.v.10'): 11  (put or send forth)
	 1.Example sentence: His claim was therefore `` so highly exaggerated '' , the Department concluded , that it `` cast doubt upon his veracity and , consequently , upon his sincerity and good faith '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: By an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present , and enjoy the carvings of cavemen and Japanese colour prints ; but the possibility of this effort is bound up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries , and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken place . 
	 3.Example sentence: The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity . 
	 4.Example sentence: The glorious news had been held up pending Heavenly confirmation of the elevation of a new Supreme Bishop , Huey Short - a candidate accepted by the Boone faction after lots had been cast repeatedly . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.03'): 119  (organize or be responsible for)
	 1.Example sentence: The trial was held September 10 . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have 2500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 4.Example sentence: The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('postdate.v.01.follow')
Frequency of Synset('follow.v.01'): 65  (to travel behind, go after, come after)
	 1.Example sentence: Forced behind him momentarily , Russ followed at once and halted two steps inside . 
	 2.Example sentence: Less assured than the tall , wide shouldered man in the lead , Cobb followed alertly , a hand on his gun butt . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pat let him go , following more leisurely . 
	 4.Example sentence: When it was followed by a second , whining even closer , Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression . 

Frequency of Synset('postdate.v.01'): 47  (be later in time)
	 1.Example sentence: The Congress of Vienna is a convenient starting point because it both epitomized and symbolized what was to follow . 
	 2.Example sentence: Codification was followed in all countries by a growing amount of legislation , some changing and adjusting the older law , much dealing with entirely new situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: Han 's student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent . 
	 4.Example sentence: Two minutes later it came again - a double explosion , followed by a third , sounding more distant . 

Frequency of Synset('follow.v.03'): 25  (come as a logical consequence; follow logically)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus committed , action might follow . 
	 2.Example sentence: If the Department of State is to take primary responsibility for foreign policy in Washington , it follows that the ambassador is expected to take charge overseas . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the calm which follows the reading of a poem , for example , is the effect produced by the enforced quiet , by the musical quality of words and rhythm , by the sentiments or sense of the poem , by the associations with earlier readings , if it is familiar , by the boost to the self-esteem for the semi-literate , by the diversion of attention , by the sense of security in a legitimized withdrawal , by a kind license for some variety of fantasy life regarded as forbidden , or by half conscious ideas about the magical power of words ? 
	 4.Example sentence: In fact , I can only say this seems to me to follow from a wide , continuous , and properly guided exposure to literary art . 

Frequency of Synset('follow.v.04'): 20  (travel along a certain course)
	 1.Example sentence: I followed a shrubbery lined gravel path alongside the house to the pool . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Fisher Body division , long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock , followed an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its purchases from du Pont `` compared favorably '' with purchases by other General Motors divisions . 
	 3.Example sentence: The route which he had traveled and which he believed might develop into a trade route was followed by his settlers earlier than he might have expected . 
	 4.Example sentence: Neutral or inversion meteorological conditions are necessary for a cloud to travel along the surface . 

Frequency of Synset('comply.v.01'): 18  (act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes)
	 1.Example sentence: Jackson runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader . 
	 2.Example sentence: Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; petitioner was not denied due process ; and his conviction is sustained . 
	 3.Example sentence: The trial judge decided that the administrative procedures of the Act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such documents . 
	 4.Example sentence: Complying methodically , Pat pulled pocket after pocket inside out without finding a thing . 

Frequency of Synset('follow.v.06'): 15  (come after in time, as a result)
	 1.Example sentence: There followed a customary Department of Justice hearing , at which petitioner appeared . 
	 2.Example sentence: Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so . 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . 
	 4.Example sentence: Other examples follow . 

Frequency of Synset('follow.v.07'): 13  (behave in accordance or in agreement with)
	 1.Example sentence: In a mobile society , congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment ; this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation - like elements will have to be assimilated . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I like to follow the holidays when they come along . 
	 3.Example sentence: Following the theme of Incarnation in the Gospels , the Christian artist and critic sees in the most commonplace and ordinary events `` figures '' of divine power and reality . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was just doing my job , just following orders , and for that he 's going to kill me . 

Frequency of Synset('follow.v.08'): 12  (be next)
	 1.Example sentence: In the Steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives only context can indicate whether visiting relatives is equivalent in meaning to paying visits to relatives or to relatives who are visiting them , and in I looked up the number and I looked up the chimney only the meanings of number and chimney make it clear that up is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition followed by its object in the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: But there is every reason to regard deal as a monosyllable , and because of the fact that / l / commonly has the quality of / / when it follows vowel sounds , deal seems to be a perfectly satisfactory rhyme with real . 
	 3.Example sentence: form - any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language preceded and followed by a space . 
	 4.Example sentence: Probably a larger percentage of Virginians and South Carolinians remain unreconstructed than elsewhere , with Georgia , North Carolina , and Alabama following along after them . 

Frequency of Synset('adopt.v.01'): 46  (choose and follow; as of theories, ideas, policies, strategies or plans)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant . 
	 2.Example sentence: The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling . 
	 3.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 4.Example sentence: State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities . 

Frequency of Synset('trace.v.01'): 13  (follow, discover, or ascertain the course of development of something)
	 1.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 2.Example sentence: All just by chance , and in a way tracing back to poor Frank , all of it , because naturally - brothers , living together - and Angie - 
	 3.Example sentence: However , it is important to trace the philosophy of the French Revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` History has this in common with every other science : that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge , except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place , and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration , the grounds upon which it is based . 

Frequency of Synset('watch.v.02'): 56  (follow with the eyes or the mind)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . 
	 3.Example sentence: Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope waning by the moment . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You do n't have to watch what you say . 

Frequency of Synset('succeed.v.02'): 14  (be the successor (of))
	 1.Example sentence: They were followed by crack North Korean troops , who mounted one charge after another . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Oakes succeeds Charles Merz , editor since 1938 , who now becomes editor emeritus . 
	 3.Example sentence: She was succeeded by Clarence Goyette . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Colonial Light and Power Company was succeeded by the Vermont Hydro-Electric Corporation , which in turn was absorbed by the Central Vermont Public Service Corporation . 

Frequency of Synset('come.v.05'): 38  (to be the product or result)
	 1.Example sentence: The Leopard 's Spots came from the pen of Thomas Dixon in 1902 , and in this he announced an `` unchangeable '' law . 
	 2.Example sentence: For he has the pride that comes of self acceptance and the humility , perhaps of the same genesis , not to impose himself upon another . 
	 3.Example sentence: Much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states . 
	 4.Example sentence: - The deterrent power of our Armed Forces comes from both their nuclear retaliatory capability and their capability to conduct other essential operations in any form of war . 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.08'): 82  (work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function)
	 1.Example sentence: Practically all the people of Laos , he explained - about two million of them - are rice farmers , and the means and motives of modern war are as strange to them as clocks and steel plows . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Keo , once a diplomat in Paris and Washington , was Commissioner of Rural Affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: You might say we are in the nation building business '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('here.r.02.here')
Frequency of Synset('here.r.01'): 158  (in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is)
	 1.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . 
	 3.Example sentence: The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' . 

Frequency of Synset('here.r.02'): 87  (in this circumstance or respect or on this point or detail)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Excellent in their way , they lack the wide appeal of The Charles Men , and need not detain us here . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` What matters here is family loyalty ; faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the phis , the spirits ; and to live in harmony with nature '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Even if we were not bound by Nugent , petitioner here would not be entitled to the report . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('state.n.04.nation')
Frequency of Synset('state.n.04'): 122  (a politically organized body of people under a single government)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 

Frequency of Synset('nation.n.02'): 23  (the people who live in a nation or country)
	 1.Example sentence: He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory . 
	 2.Example sentence: Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Admirably written , it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries . 
	 4.Example sentence: You might say we are in the nation building business '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('meet.v.07.assemble')
Frequency of Synset('assemble.v.01'): 15  (create by putting components or members together)
	 1.Example sentence: assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature , both domestic and foreign , and issue bibliographical data with respect thereto ; 
	 2.Example sentence: After years of digging , nights and weekends , he put together the big , profusely illustrated book , Of Garryowen and Glory , which is probably the most complete history of any military unit . 
	 3.Example sentence: Let us now put some flesh on the theoretical bones we have assembled by giving illustrations of roleplaying used for evaluation and analysis . 
	 4.Example sentence: When an evaluative situation is set up , and no concern is with the details that lead to an over-all estimate , we say that roleplaying is used for evaluation . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.07'): 33  (collect in one place)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Act of July 3 , 1952 ( 66 Stat. 328 ) as amended ( 42 U. S. C. 1952 - 1958 ) , is further amended to read as follows : 
	 3.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering - 
	 4.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('earth.n.01.world')
Frequency of Synset('universe.n.01'): 54  (everything that exists anywhere)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` We 've got Father and Mother and each other , '' said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott 's Little Women ; and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; and the Szold family , as it developed , bore a striking resemblance to the Marches . 

Frequency of Synset('world.n.02'): 34  (people in general; especially a distinctive group of people with some shared interest)
	 1.Example sentence: Even if it did not , how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and submachine guns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast self enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non Jewish world . 
	 3.Example sentence: Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it . 
	 4.Example sentence: These qualities endeared him to both the musicians and the social economic haute monde which supported the concert world of the post World War 1 , era . 

Frequency of Synset('world.n.03'): 51  (all of your experiences that determine how things appear to you)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 2.Example sentence: Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . 
	 3.Example sentence: For one thing , the world that Beckett sees is already shattered . 
	 4.Example sentence: Didi and Gogo hover on the edge of suicide ; Hamm 's world is death and Clov may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside . 

Frequency of Synset('earth.n.01'): 69  (the 3rd planet from the sun; the planet we live on)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus the Congress marks a formal recognition of the political system that was central to world politics for a century . 
	 3.Example sentence: But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 

Frequency of Synset('populace.n.01'): 51  (people in general considered as a whole)
	 1.Example sentence: The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' ( as James 's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries ) `` however bad I may be , you 're not quite the people to say it '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 4.Example sentence: in his motherland ; in the spacious hunting grounds of `` Uncle Sam '' ; in the exciting salons of his lovely , brilliant Paris - mistress of gaiety - excess and abandon - world theatre of new found freedoms in tone , color , dance , design , and thought . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mark.v.02.mark')
Frequency of Synset('tag.v.01'): 19  (attach a tag or label to)
	 1.Example sentence: We talked after I hailed his Jeep marked with the U. N. flag . 
	 2.Example sentence: Dictionary forms found to match forms in the text list are marked . 
	 3.Example sentence: If each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form , the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first one or two roof boards ( marked `` E '' in fig. 6 ) are slipped into place across the roof beams , from outside the shelter . 

Frequency of Synset('mark.v.02'): 13  (designate as if by a mark)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus the Congress marks a formal recognition of the political system that was central to world politics for a century . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pasley continued : `` They became an institution of the Chicago scene and marked the way to the moral and financial collapse of the municipal and county governments in 1928 - 29 '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus in Mary wrote an account of the trip first strong stress on Mary marks Mary as the first in a series of people who wrote accounts of the trip , strong stress on wrote marks the writing as the first of a series of actions of Mary 's concerned with an account of her trip ( about which she may later have made speeches , for example ) , and strong stress on trip makes the trip the first of a series of subjects about which Mary wrote accounts . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus in Mary wrote an account of the trip first strong stress on Mary marks Mary as the first in a series of people who wrote accounts of the trip , strong stress on wrote marks the writing as the first of a series of actions of Mary 's concerned with an account of her trip ( about which she may later have made speeches , for example ) , and strong stress on trip makes the trip the first of a series of subjects about which Mary wrote accounts . 

Frequency of Synset('distinguish.v.03'): 17  (be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense)
	 1.Example sentence: He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . 
	 2.Example sentence: The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood . 
	 3.Example sentence: This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says Pasley , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` Belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: But the most impressive testimony to Schnabel 's distinction as a teacher is reflected by the individuality which marks each student 's approach as distinctly his own . 

Frequency of Synset('commemorate.v.01'): 12  (mark by some ceremony or observation)
	 1.Example sentence: April 10 marked a memorable date in New York 's musical history - indeed in the musical history of the entire eastern United States . 
	 2.Example sentence: The performance also marked the debut of a most promising young conductor , Silvio Varviso . 
	 3.Example sentence: On September 16 , Sam Rayburn will have served as Speaker twice as long as any predecessor and I am proud to join with others in marking this date , and in expressing my esteem for that notable American , Sam Rayburn . 
	 4.Example sentence: It commemorates the 185 th anniversary of Rhode Island 's Independence when , upon May 4 , 1776 , the General Assembly , by its action , established the first free republic in the New World . 

Frequency of Synset('notice.v.02'): 54  (notice or perceive)
	 1.Example sentence: Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way ? 
	 3.Example sentence: None noted at the Dumont . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 

Frequency of Synset('score.v.02'): 12  (make small marks into the surface of)
	 1.Example sentence: Back of clay scored or roughened for proper gripping surface . 
	 2.Example sentence: Bevel and score ends of clay piece A so that they overlap about 1 2 '' and make even thickness . 
	 3.Example sentence: Join B to bottom of A , scoring and reinforcing with clay coil . 
	 4.Example sentence: Score plain side of C and leave in mold . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('suit.v.01.fit')
Frequency of Synset('suit.v.01'): 26  (be agreeable or acceptable to)
	 1.Example sentence: International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . 
	 2.Example sentence: International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: Some of the earlier episodes have touches of the supernatural , as suited to the legendary background . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.05'): 26  (satisfy a condition or restriction)
	 1.Example sentence: This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . 
	 2.Example sentence: Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; once the pool of recruits diminishes , the congregation is helpless - friendly contacts no longer keep it going . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces . 
	 4.Example sentence: Once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run to blockade do so at their own risk . 

Frequency of Synset('match.v.01'): 33  (be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , 1745 corresponded to the invention of the `` Leiden '' jar by Kleist , 1764 that of the electrophorus by Wilcke , 1782 produced the condenser of Volta , and 1801 the voltaic pile . 
	 2.Example sentence: The voice is light in timbre , with a rough edge that corresponds to his visage . 
	 3.Example sentence: His second conclusion , on semantic word classes , agrees with mine . 
	 4.Example sentence: Its terms will tend to be labile or vague , and they will fit actual languages more and more badly . 

Frequency of Synset('equip.v.01'): 13  (provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1609 , the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson , gave him two learned geographers , fitted him out with a ship called the Half Moon , and supplied him with Dutch sailors . 
	 2.Example sentence: During Oersted 's attendance at the university , it was poorly equipped with physical apparatus for experimenting in the sciences . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Royal Lao Army , on the other hand , was paid and equipped with American funds . 
	 4.Example sentence: This center also receives prompt reports on earthquakes from four Coast Survey stations in the Pacific which are equipped with seismographs . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('law.n.01.law')
Frequency of Synset('law.n.01'): 48  (the collection of rules imposed by authority)
	 1.Example sentence: International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . 
	 2.Example sentence: This Europeanization of the law was made explicit by a number of 19 th century scholars . 
	 3.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 
	 4.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 

Frequency of Synset('law.n.02'): 25  (legal document setting forth rules governing a particular kind of activity)
	 1.Example sentence: The Court 's opinion dogmatically asserts that the husband wife conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship , and that hence the doctrine `` enthrone [ s ] an unreality into a rule of law '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: But people can n't be made to integrate , socialize ( the two are inseparable by Southern standards ) by law . 
	 3.Example sentence: the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; and the scope and adequacy of State mine safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws . 
	 4.Example sentence: the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; and the scope and adequacy of State mine safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sense.n.02.sense')
Frequency of Synset('sense.n.01'): 36  (a general conscious awareness)
	 1.Example sentence: In upper teen Jewish life , the non college group tends to have a sense of marginality . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the one hand , there is a sense of not having moved beyond the ambiance of their high school . 
	 3.Example sentence: They have a sense of marginality at being denied that special badge of status , the out-of-town school . 
	 4.Example sentence: He felt no anger towards Kitti , no sense that she had betrayed him . 

Frequency of Synset('sense.n.02'): 22  (the meaning of a word or expression; the way in which a word or expression or situation can be interpreted)
	 1.Example sentence: International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . 
	 2.Example sentence: According to the new theories , the nineteenth century corporate sovereign was `` sovereign '' in a quite new and different sense from his historical predecessors . 
	 3.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mimesis here is not to be confused with literalism or realism in the conventional sense . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('international.a.01.international')
Frequency of Synset('international.a.01'): 19  (concerning or belonging to all or at least two or more nations)
	 1.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 2.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the international community this reduced law to Jellinek 's auto limitation . 

Frequency of Synset('external.s.03'): 12  (from or between other countries)
	 1.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 2.Example sentence: But is the result new barnsful of tested knowledge on the basis of which we can with confidence solve our domestic and international problems ? 
	 3.Example sentence: the term `` State '' includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any possession of the United States ; and the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof , or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof . 
	 4.Example sentence: the term `` State '' includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any possession of the United States ; and the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof , or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('state.n.04.state')
Frequency of Synset('state.n.01'): 112  (the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation)
	 1.Example sentence: New England academies welcome fugitives from the provinces , South as well as West . 
	 2.Example sentence: Is n't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England ( Massachusetts , Connecticut , and Rhode Island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past , these institutions having previously been A + M colleges ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Is n't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England ( Massachusetts , Connecticut , and Rhode Island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past , these institutions having previously been A + M colleges ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Is it not ironical that Roger Williams 's state , Rhode Island , should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university ? 

Frequency of Synset('state.n.02'): 37  (the way something is with respect to its main attributes)
	 1.Example sentence: And now , in March , all Laos suffered a state of siege . 
	 2.Example sentence: The guest list is in itself a little parable of the state of American civic life at this time . 
	 3.Example sentence: Does that not suggest to you an uncertain and uneasy , not to say confused , state of the public mind ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Apparently academic challenge in the structured setting creates an optimum of stress so that the child with high anxiety is able to achieve because he is aroused to an energetic state without becoming confused or panicked . 

Frequency of Synset('state.n.03'): 24  (the group of people comprising the government of a sovereign state)
	 1.Example sentence: Upon such sale , there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale . 
	 2.Example sentence: the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; and the scope and adequacy of State mine safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act . 
	 4.Example sentence: the term `` State '' includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any possession of the United States ; and the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof , or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof . 

Frequency of Synset('state.n.04'): 122  (a politically organized body of people under a single government)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 

Frequency of Synset('country.n.02'): 34  (the territory occupied by a nation)
	 1.Example sentence: In what section of the country are you located ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 3.Example sentence: He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory . 
	 4.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('evolve.v.01.develop')
Frequency of Synset('develop.v.01'): 44  (make something new, such as a product or a mental or artistic creation)
	 1.Example sentence: Together they also developed a new form of voltaic cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of copper , thereby producing stronger currents . 
	 2.Example sentence: A high-speed shutter has been developed in order to permit photographic observation of any portion of the electrical wire explosion . 
	 3.Example sentence: A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested . 
	 4.Example sentence: conduct , encourage , and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for converting saline water into water suitable for beneficial consumptive purposes ; 

Frequency of Synset('evolve.v.01'): 45  (work out)
	 1.Example sentence: It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions . 
	 2.Example sentence: Have we not actually developed idea worship ? 
	 3.Example sentence: However , any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the process , he develops some very significant observations about problems of a sort that are often difficult . 

Frequency of Synset('develop.v.03'): 39  (gain through experience)
	 1.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` We 've got Father and Mother and each other , '' said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott 's Little Women ; and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; and the Szold family , as it developed , bore a striking resemblance to the Marches . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student , while still in school , to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation . 
	 4.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 

Frequency of Synset('grow.v.08'): 23  (come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes))
	 1.Example sentence: It was only a fifteen minute flight , but before it was through Greg felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pa had his head up , glaring , his teeth gnawing at the place where he 'd grown a mustache once . 
	 3.Example sentence: One might also wonder if monkeys are capable of developing bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse . 
	 4.Example sentence: The policeman got a confused , funny look on his face , and he had answered kind of politely , `` Now , look here , lady : I know you got to entertain these kids and all . 

Frequency of Synset('originate.v.01'): 65  (come into existence; take on form or shape)
	 1.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 2.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 
	 3.Example sentence: States were free to enact , within broad though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 

Frequency of Synset('build_up.v.05'): 12  (change the use of and make available or usable)
	 1.Example sentence: He was an artisan , a man who studied his trade and developed his craftsmanship the way a goldsmith or a wood carver did . 
	 2.Example sentence: The most effective way to develop more places for more sportsmen to shoot is to encourage properly managed shooting preserves . 
	 3.Example sentence: The same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few existing recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use . 
	 4.Example sentence: How well can the site be developed ? 

Frequency of Synset('explicate.v.02'): 14  (elaborate, as of theories and hypotheses)
	 1.Example sentence: The contention needs to be formulated with much greater precision than it ever was during the campaign , but once that has been done , I fail to see how any serious student of world affairs can quarrel with it . 
	 2.Example sentence: It develops and analyzes the national income , balance of international payments , and many other business indicators . 
	 3.Example sentence: However much we may have to criticize liberal theology 's constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it . 
	 4.Example sentence: In affirming this we have already taken the decisive step in breaking the deadlock into which Bultmann 's attempt to formulate such a theology has led . 

Frequency of Synset('train.v.01'): 24  (create by training and teaching)
	 1.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 
	 2.Example sentence: So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . 
	 3.Example sentence: Those who , because of population mobility and the reputed desire of employers to train their own employees , would limit vocational education to general rather than specific skills ought to bear in mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: Proper follow-through requires training your own sales organization , and your distributor organizations , not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('major.a.01.major')
Frequency of Synset('major.a.01'): 38  (of greater importance or stature or rank)
	 1.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 2.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters , of common folk even more than of major figures . 
	 4.Example sentence: The latest major change in this program was introduced by the National Defense Education Act of 1958 , Title 8 , of which amended the George-Barden Act . 

Frequency of Synset('major.a.02'): 26  (greater in scope or effect)
	 1.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 2.Example sentence: In one of these , an exploding wire device to study systems thermodynamically up to 6000 * * f and 100 atmospheres pressure , a major goal was achieved . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hardly a window has been broken since Dunbar first was opened ( and vandalism in schools is a major problem in many slum areas ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: National defense considerations have been the major reason behind most Federal training expenditures in recent decades . 

Frequency of Synset('major.a.03'): 21  (greater in number or size or amount)
	 1.Example sentence: Central cities reveal two adverse features for the major denominations : 
	 2.Example sentence: The central city areas , in other words , exhibit the two characteristics which violate the life principle of congregations of the major denominations : they have too few middle-class people ; they mix middle-class people with lower-class residents . 
	 3.Example sentence: Central city areas have become progressively poorer locales for the major denominations since the exodus of middle-class people from most central cities . 
	 4.Example sentence: With few exceptions , the major denominations are rapidly losing their hold on the central city . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('emphasis.n.01.emphasis')
Frequency of Synset('emphasis.n.01'): 19  (special importance or significance)
	 1.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 2.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 
	 3.Example sentence: The keynotes of this style are activism and emphasis on achievements in gaining self-esteem . 
	 4.Example sentence: It will readily be seen that in this suggested network ( not materially different from some of the networks in vogue today ) greater emphasis on monitoring is implied than is usually put into practice . 

Frequency of Synset('stress.n.01'): 67  (the relative prominence of a syllable or musical note (especially with regard to stress or pitch))
	 1.Example sentence: In sentences , patterns of stress are determined by complex combinations of influences that can only be suggested here . 
	 2.Example sentence: The tendency is toward putting dominant stress at the end . 
	 3.Example sentence: Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last . 
	 4.Example sentence: Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('guarantee.v.02.insure')
Frequency of Synset('see.v.10'): 48  (be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something)
	 1.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 4.Example sentence: He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess 's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside . 

Frequency of Synset('guarantee.v.02'): 39  (make certain of)
	 1.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 2.Example sentence: Is there some magic in it that assures results ? 
	 3.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 4.Example sentence: Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society ; and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('action.n.02.action')
Frequency of Synset('action.n.01'): 88  (something done (usually as opposed to something said))
	 1.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins ' pronouncement in Pleas of the Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis . 

Frequency of Synset('action.n.02'): 52  (the state of being active)
	 1.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 2.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 
	 3.Example sentence: The form of galvanic activity is halfway between the magnetic form and the electrical form . 
	 4.Example sentence: The proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy ( 17.3 per cent of new members ) and friendly contacts by members ( over two thirds if organizational activities are included ) . 

Frequency of Synset('military_action.n.01'): 14  (a military engagement)
	 1.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 
	 2.Example sentence: This objective is adhered to throughout the duration of the action . 
	 3.Example sentence: And ( d ) all action of a physical kind pertinent to the mission is relegated to the line of men on the lower rank . 
	 4.Example sentence: Yesterday , I had the privilege of reading a thoughtful article in the U. S. News + World Report of May 8 which discussed this type of action in more detail , including both its advantages and its disadvantages . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('experience.n.03.experience')
Frequency of Synset('experience.n.01'): 51  (the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results from direct participation in events or activities)
	 1.Example sentence: Initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions . 
	 2.Example sentence: Regretfully Sam explained that he had no experience with boxcars . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thirty years ' experience let him know , even at this early stage , that Black was his man . 
	 4.Example sentence: Formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation . 

Frequency of Synset('experience.n.02'): 47  (the content of direct observation or participation in an event)
	 1.Example sentence: Those who , because of population mobility and the reputed desire of employers to train their own employees , would limit vocational education to general rather than specific skills ought to bear in mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience . 
	 2.Example sentence: But now we can keep it out no longer , because we have come into a time when `` it invades our experience at every moment . 
	 3.Example sentence: But do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with ? 
	 4.Example sentence: He says nothing that compresses experience within a closed pattern . 

Frequency of Synset('experience.n.03'): 27  (an event as apprehended)
	 1.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 2.Example sentence: Persons developed in to-day 's corporations cannot hope to serve here - a judgment based on experiences of my own in business and in activities outside . 
	 3.Example sentence: This combined experience , on a foundation of very average , I assure you , intelligence and background , has helped me do things many well-informed people would bet heavily against . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the primary grades , reading permeates almost every aspect of school progress , and the children 's early experiences of success or failure in learning to read often set a pattern of total achievement that is relatively enduring throughout the following years . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('motivation.n.01.need')
Frequency of Synset('need.n.01'): 56  (a condition requiring relief)
	 1.Example sentence: Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer 's notes and report , especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of Justice 's recommendation to the appeal board . 
	 2.Example sentence: Petitioner was not entitled , either in the administrative hearing at the Department of Justice or at his trial , to inspect the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , since he was furnished a resume of it , did not challenge its accuracy , and showed no particular need for the original report . 
	 3.Example sentence: The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was no reason for her to marry someone like Stanley Gilborn , there was no need for her to marry Stanley . 

Frequency of Synset('need.n.02'): 29  (anything that is necessary but lacking)
	 1.Example sentence: In addition , petitioner has failed to show any particular need for the report and notes . 
	 2.Example sentence: The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need . 
	 3.Example sentence: No need say anything at all to the old woman . 
	 4.Example sentence: No need leave a note with it , either - or maybe just something like , Do n't worry about me , I 'm going away to make a better life . 

Frequency of Synset('motivation.n.01'): 34  (the psychological feature that arouses an organism to action toward a desired goal; the reason for the action; that which gives purpose and direction to behavior)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: Motive ? 
	 3.Example sentence: At first glance , not much of a motive for a man of his standing ; but for all his air of affluence , who could tell what his private financial picture was ? 
	 4.Example sentence: But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('criterion.n.02.standard')
Frequency of Synset('standard.n.01'): 15  (a basis for comparison; a reference point against which other things can be evaluated)
	 1.Example sentence: Indeed , contract was the dominant legal theme of the century , the touchstone of the free society . 
	 2.Example sentence: Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis . 
	 3.Example sentence: In addition to the basic programs in wavelength standards , spectroscopy , solid state physics , interactions of the free electron and atomic constants which are necessary to provide the foundation for technological progress , the Bureau has strengthened its activities in laboratory astrophysics . 
	 4.Example sentence: The programs in infrared spectroscopy are undergoing reorientation toward wavelength standards in the far infrared , the application of infrared techniques to solid state studies , and increased emphasis on high resolution instrumentation . 

Frequency of Synset('criterion.n.02'): 13  (the ideal in terms of which something can be judged)
	 1.Example sentence: But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: But people can n't be made to integrate , socialize ( the two are inseparable by Southern standards ) by law . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the detective insists upon retaining his personal standards , he must now do so in conscious defiance of his society . 
	 4.Example sentence: Children scoring high in compulsivity were those who gave evidence of tension or emotionality in situations where there was lack of organization or conformity to standards and expectations , or who made exaggerated efforts to achieve these goals . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('small.a.01.small')
Frequency of Synset('small.a.01'): 296  (limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: On April 17 , 1610 , the sturdy little three masted bark , Discovery , weighed anchor in St. Katherine's Pool , London , and floated down the Thames toward the sea . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1602 , George Waymouth , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . 
	 3.Example sentence: As Hudson resumed his desperate criss-crossing of the little bay , every incident lessened the crew 's respect for him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 

Frequency of Synset('minor.s.10'): 12  (limited in size or scope)
	 1.Example sentence: Even the officer in charge , be it a captain ( for small display ) or a general , is restrained by monitoring . 
	 2.Example sentence: Among us , we three handled quite a few small commissions , from spot drawings for advertising agencies uptown to magazine work and quick lettering jobs . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a district of small factories and loft buildings and occasional tenements , and he could see the police radio car as he rounded the corner and slammed on the brakes . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was some idle talk , a listless discussion of this or that small happening during the day 's drive . 

Frequency of Synset('little.s.03'): 20  ((of children and animals) young, immature)
	 1.Example sentence: But fathers often addressed communications to their small children ; and these , full of homely advice , are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters . 
	 2.Example sentence: A woman with a small boy slipped in between them . 
	 3.Example sentence: I mean something more like Freud 's concept of the utility of `` play '' to a small child : he plays `` house '' or `` doctor '' or `` fireman '' as a way of mastering slightly frightening experiences , reliving them imaginatively until they are under control . 
	 4.Example sentence: Conchita kept an eye on the twins and little Elena , trying to keep them from falling into the creek by which they persisted in playing . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('less.r.01.less')
Frequency of Synset('less.r.01'): 68  (used to form the comparative of some adjectives and adverbs)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 3.Example sentence: Gustaf Vasa is a superb example , and Charles 10 , , the conqueror of Denmark , hardly less so . 
	 4.Example sentence: There , forces are more latent than in electricity , and less than in magnetism . 

Frequency of Synset('less.r.02'): 11  (comparative of little)
	 1.Example sentence: There were no less than six or seven saloons in Ganado , not counting the lower class dives , all vying for the trade of celebrating miners and teamsters . 
	 2.Example sentence: So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . 
	 3.Example sentence: So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . 
	 4.Example sentence: So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('society.n.01.society')
Frequency of Synset('society.n.01'): 86  (an extended social group having a distinctive cultural and economic organization)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 2.Example sentence: Particularly was this true as laissez-faire capitalism became the dominant credo of Western society . 
	 3.Example sentence: Contract - conceived as the free bargain of formal equals - replaced the implied obligations of a more static and status conscious society . 
	 4.Example sentence: Indeed , contract was the dominant legal theme of the century , the touchstone of the free society . 

Frequency of Synset('club.n.02'): 16  (a formal association of people with similar interests)
	 1.Example sentence: Could an employee 's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Would a camera club be useful in taking pictures pertinent to plant safety ? 
	 3.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('carry.v.04.express')
Frequency of Synset('express.v.01'): 73  (give expression to)
	 1.Example sentence: They give strict interpretation to William James ' statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 3.Example sentence: She showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home , and it hurt him a little . 
	 4.Example sentence: The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain . 

Frequency of Synset('express.v.02'): 32  (articulate; either verbally or with a cry, shout, or noise)
	 1.Example sentence: A man named Lars Simon , playwright director , had expressed a wish that Anthony Payne drop dead . 
	 2.Example sentence: It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years , in the hope of clearing up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign policy is all about and what it means , and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government . 
	 3.Example sentence: an Ah coudn ansuh him an so Ah said ' Aw right , Ah gay-ess , an his fathuh did n uttuh one wohd an aftuh Huhmun was gone , the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink t ' gethuh f ' ovuh a yeah , onleh an occasional one , but just the same it was behahn mah back , an Ah doa n think thet 's nahce at all , d ' you '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Something indirect , mixed , reconciling , tensional might well be the stratagem , the devious technique by which a poet indulged in all kinds of talk about love and anger and even in something like '' expressions `` of these emotions , without aiming at their incitement or even uttering anything that essentially involves their incitement '' . 

Frequency of Synset('carry.v.04'): 31  (serve as a means for expressing something)
	 1.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 2.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 3.Example sentence: This is , no doubt , inaccurate , but it does convey how isolated she feels among the vast army of the nonobservant . 
	 4.Example sentence: For both Plato and Aristotle artistic mimesis , in contrast to the power of dialectic , is relatively incapable of expressing the character of fundamental reality . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('continue.v.03.preserve')
Frequency of Synset('continue.v.03'): 49  (keep or maintain in unaltered condition; cause to remain or last)
	 1.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 2.Example sentence: Equally a master of prose and verse , he recreates the glory of Sweden in the past and continues it into the present . 
	 3.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 

Frequency of Synset('conserve.v.02'): 47  (keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you try to maintain the principle of employee contributed ( as opposed to fully company paid ) programs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Will your local bus company erect and / or maintain the bus stops at your plant ? 
	 4.Example sentence: William R. Stillwell , an admirable Georgian whose delightful correspondence is preserved in the Georgia Department of Archives and History , liked to tease his wife in his letters . 

Frequency of Synset('save.v.02'): 24  (to keep up and reserve for personal or special use)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: You may save valuable production minutes with a change . 
	 3.Example sentence: He found a jar of preserved tomatoes and one of eggs that they had meant to save . 
	 4.Example sentence: The address * * f and the number of cells required to store the form are written in * * f ; the information cell * * f is saved to represent the text occurrence . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('agreement.n.01.agreement')
Frequency of Synset('agreement.n.01'): 11  (the statement (oral or written) of an exchange of promises)
	 1.Example sentence: A nation such as Switzerland could be neutralized by agreement and could be relied upon to protect its neutrality ; more doubtful , but possible , ( with an assist from the North ) was the neutralization of the Latin American countries ; out of the question was the neutralization of Asia and Africa . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 4.Example sentence: As a strike continues , these parties increase their pressure on the industry to reach an agreement . 

Frequency of Synset('agreement.n.04'): 15  (the thing arranged or agreed to)
	 1.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 2.Example sentence: As a first step toward this goal , arrangements were worked out for comparing the scales now in use through circulation of a group of standard platinum resistance thermometers for calibration by each national laboratory . 
	 3.Example sentence: The `` distributive education '' program operates in a similar way , with arrangements between the school and employers in merchandising fields . 
	 4.Example sentence: When there is employment opportunity for youth , this arrangement - or lack of arrangement - works out quite well . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mentality.n.01.outlook')
Frequency of Synset('mentality.n.01'): 12  (a habitual or characteristic mental attitude that determines how you will interpret and respond to situations)
	 1.Example sentence: Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . 
	 2.Example sentence: State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities . 
	 3.Example sentence: But there 's a subjective side to that utopian outlook . 
	 4.Example sentence: My intention , therefore , is not to say that Faulkner 's awareness has been confined within the borders of the South , but rather that he has looked at his world as a Southerner and that presumably his outlook is Southern . 

Frequency of Synset('expectation.n.01'): 12  (belief about (or mental picture of) the future)
	 1.Example sentence: Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . 
	 2.Example sentence: Prokofieff 's outlook as a composer pianist conductor in America was , indeed , brilliant . 
	 3.Example sentence: While the U. S. Department of Labor has a program of projecting industry and occupational employment trends and publishing current outlook statements , there is little tangible evidence that these projections have been used extensively in local curriculum planning . 
	 4.Example sentence: During the next five years the leaders of the Fair Deal reluctantly backed down from the optimistic expectations of the New Deal . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('rule.n.01.rule')
Frequency of Synset('rule.n.01'): 17  (a principle or condition that customarily governs behavior)
	 1.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 2.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 3.Example sentence: States were free to enact , within broad though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Court 's opinion dogmatically asserts that the husband wife conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship , and that hence the doctrine `` enthrone [ s ] an unreality into a rule of law '' . 

Frequency of Synset('convention.n.02'): 26  (something regarded as a normative example)
	 1.Example sentence: In a mobile society , congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment ; this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation - like elements will have to be assimilated . 
	 2.Example sentence: Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; once the pool of recruits diminishes , the congregation is helpless - friendly contacts no longer keep it going . 
	 3.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 

Frequency of Synset('principle.n.01'): 15  (a basic generalization that is accepted as true and that can be used as a basis for reasoning or conduct)
	 1.Example sentence: His purpose , however , was not to establish an empire , but to assert the principle of divine justice . 
	 2.Example sentence: Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . 
	 3.Example sentence: When things got a little out of hand , they very rapidly got a lot out of hand - it seemed to be a general rule . 
	 4.Example sentence: We speculate that compulsives in the unstructured schools are under greater strain because of the lack of systemization in their school setting , but that their need to organize ( for comfort ) is so intense that they struggle to induce the phonic rules and achieve in spite of the lack of direction from the environment . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('civilization.n.01.civilization')
Frequency of Synset('civilization.n.01'): 17  (a society in an advanced state of social development (e.g., with complex legal and political and religious organizations))
	 1.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said `` states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law governed countries . 
	 3.Example sentence: Does our society have a runaway , uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization , or a normal , healthy growth ? 
	 4.Example sentence: By an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present , and enjoy the carvings of cavemen and Japanese colour prints ; but the possibility of this effort is bound up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries , and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken place . 

Frequency of Synset('culture.n.01'): 17  (a particular society at a particular time and place)
	 1.Example sentence: Helen Deutsch informed us ( The Psychology of Women , Vol. 2 , , 434 ) that in all cultures `` the term ' stepmother ' automatically evokes deprecatory implications '' , a conclusion accepted by many . 
	 2.Example sentence: Research into several cultures has proven her position to be a mistaken one . 
	 3.Example sentence: When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures , many salons , many dialectics , many personalities , he tried to refashion himself into a stylist of many styles , determined by many disparate cultures . 
	 4.Example sentence: When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures , many salons , many dialectics , many personalities , he tried to refashion himself into a stylist of many styles , determined by many disparate cultures . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('join.v.01.join')
Frequency of Synset('join.v.01'): 74  (become part of; become a member of a group or organization)
	 1.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg , the wigmaker , and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading , German , and Danish in the informal curriculum . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oersted joined Ritter at Jena and stayed with him for 3 weeks , continuing their correspondence after he left . 
	 4.Example sentence: Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . 

Frequency of Synset('join.v.02'): 20  (cause to become joined or linked)
	 1.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 
	 2.Example sentence: With incredible ferocity , he brought his fists together and struck . 
	 3.Example sentence: Some time later , after a check had been made of all automatic equipment , the crew would join the others . 
	 4.Example sentence: The physical film is cut with a knife at the end of one complete sequence , and the cut edge is joined physically , by cement , to the cut edge of the beginning of the next sequence . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('quite.r.02.quite')
Frequency of Synset('quite.r.01'): 52  (to a degree (not used with a negative))
	 1.Example sentence: Indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . 
	 2.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . 
	 4.Example sentence: This can only be for one of two reasons : either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence techniques ) , or our existing theories are insufficiently general . 

Frequency of Synset('quite.r.02'): 41  (to the greatest extent; completely)
	 1.Example sentence: Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said `` states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law governed countries . 
	 2.Example sentence: According to the new theories , the nineteenth century corporate sovereign was `` sovereign '' in a quite new and different sense from his historical predecessors . 
	 3.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the field of the natural sciences , scientifically verified data are quite readily available and any discussion can be shortened with good results . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('set.n.05.circle')
Frequency of Synset('circle.n.01'): 14  (ellipse in which the two axes are of equal length; a plane curve generated by one point moving at a constant distance from a fixed point)
	 1.Example sentence: Everything in the office , the spreading circle of lamplight , the patch of leather in Lolotte 's hands . 
	 2.Example sentence: The circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Across the front of a yard and down the side , they were iron , either spiked along the top or arched in half circles . 
	 4.Example sentence: He made a circle with his thumb and fingers . 

Frequency of Synset('set.n.05'): 22  (an unofficial association of people or groups)
	 1.Example sentence: Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said `` states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law governed countries . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oldenburg 's contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town 's learned , such as the pastor , to supplement the simple teaching . 
	 3.Example sentence: A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that `` they were the hardest looking set of men that Ever i saw they Looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and shavings '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a similar vein , but writing from the opposite side , Thomas Taylor , a private in the 6 th Alabama Volunteers , in a letter to his wife , stated : `` You know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe By a set of cowardly Skunks whose Motto is Booty . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('govern.v.03.govern')
Frequency of Synset('regulate.v.02'): 18  (bring into conformity with rules or principles or usage; impose regulations)
	 1.Example sentence: A number of other nineteenth century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; that is , from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states . 
	 2.Example sentence: The law of nature governed sovereigns in their relationship to their own citizens , to foreigners , and to each other in a conceptually unified system . 
	 3.Example sentence: Furthermore , Bern decrees that we must do as we are ordered by the Council , preach only the word of God and stop meddling in politics '' ! 
	 4.Example sentence: In a properly ordered society the massive force of public law performs the function which in natural law theory ineptly is left altogether to a small voice so often still . 

Frequency of Synset('govern.v.03'): 15  (exercise authority over; as of nations)
	 1.Example sentence: Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said `` states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law governed countries . 
	 2.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: Bertha Szold was more like Meg , the eldest March girl , who `` learned that a woman 's happiest kingdom is home , her highest honor the art of ruling it , not as a queen , but a wise wife and mother '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: This carried over into the more urbanized late 19 th and early 20 th centuries , when the man ruled the roost in the best bull roaring Life With Father manner . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('consequence.n.01.effect')
Frequency of Synset('consequence.n.01'): 199  (a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon)
	 1.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 
	 2.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: One result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 

Frequency of Synset('impression.n.02'): 13  (an outward appearance)
	 1.Example sentence: Members of higher and lower social status often cluster around this nucleus , so that Protestant figures on social class give the impression of spread over all social classes ; but this is deceptive , for the core of membership is concentrated in a single social and economic stratum . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the upper center of Braque 's first collage , Fruit Dish ( in Douglas Cooper 's collection ) , a bunch of grapes is rendered with such conventionally vivid sculptural effect as to lift it practically off the picture plane . 
	 3.Example sentence: The effect of the recording is very open and natural , with the frequency emphasis exactly what you would expect from a live performance . 
	 4.Example sentence: Steinberg obviously has concluded that it is the lyric element which must dominate in this score , and he manages at times to create the effect of the whole orchestra bursting into song . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('development.n.04.development')
Frequency of Synset('development.n.01'): 52  (act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining)
	 1.Example sentence: John , an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics , headed the rural development division of USOM , the United States Operations Mission administering U. S. aid . 
	 2.Example sentence: The development and testing of new apparatus to measure other properties is nearing completion . 
	 3.Example sentence: If , as I suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems . 
	 4.Example sentence: In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto . 

Frequency of Synset('development.n.02'): 50  (a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage (especially a more advanced or mature stage))
	 1.Example sentence: The key to Protestant development , therefore , is economic integration of the nucleus of the congregation . 
	 2.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 
	 3.Example sentence: Another recent achievement was the successful development of a method for the complete combustion in a bomb calorimeter of a metal in fluorine when the product is relatively non-volatile . 
	 4.Example sentence: Henrietta was discovering in the process of writing , as the born writer does , not merely a channel for the discharge of accumulated information but a stimulus to the development of the creative powers of observation , insight and intuition . 

Frequency of Synset('growth.n.01'): 52  ((biology) the process of an individual organism growing organically; a purely biological unfolding of events involved in an organism changing gradually from a simple to a more complex level)
	 1.Example sentence: Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth , determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth . 
	 2.Example sentence: Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth , determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth . 
	 3.Example sentence: Individual differences in maturation and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their capacity for school achievement . 
	 4.Example sentence: An aid in getting cattle and sheep on full feed , in improving feed conversion and growth , in reducing bloat and founder , and in controlling scours . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('aspect.n.02.aspect')
Frequency of Synset('aspect.n.01'): 27  (a distinct feature or element in a problem)
	 1.Example sentence: To appreciate this development , we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth century philosophy . 
	 2.Example sentence: That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; and perhaps of even greater significance - his music is strong 20 th Century evidence of the effectiveness of Evolution , based on a broad Traditionalism for the creative art of music . 
	 3.Example sentence: But do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with ? 
	 4.Example sentence: But there is also a firm aspect to lexicostatistics : 

Frequency of Synset('aspect.n.02'): 18  (a characteristic to be considered)
	 1.Example sentence: A number of other nineteenth century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; that is , from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states . 
	 2.Example sentence: It ignores the sordid financial aspects ( quite conveniently , too , for his audience , who could indulge in moral indignation without visible , or even conscious , discomfort , their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: Aristotle also tended to stratify all aspects of human nature and activity into levels of excellence and , like Plato , he put the pure and unimpassioned intellect on the top level . 
	 4.Example sentence: But while the corporation has all the disadvantages of the socialist form of organization ( so cumbersome it cannot constructively do much of anything not compatible with its need to perpetuate itself and maintain its status quo ) , unluckily it does not have the desirable aspect of socialism , the motivation to operate for the benefit of society as a whole . 

Frequency of Synset('view.n.02'): 19  (the visual percept of a region)
	 1.Example sentence: The classical lines of the church which Napoleon thought of as a Temple of Glory , dominated all the scene where we sat . 
	 2.Example sentence: She started back for the house , saw a light in the office , opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder . 
	 3.Example sentence: He drove , and the road wobbled , familiar scenes crept past on either side . 
	 4.Example sentence: The only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that obtained from an upper bough of the apple tree . 

Frequency of Synset('expression.n.01'): 32  (the feelings expressed on a person's face)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden 's dark face wore a meditative look . 
	 2.Example sentence: Glowering looks met them in the bar , but there was no attempt to halt them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Giving the other a dark look , he hauled his bronc around and trotted down off the street . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros did not at all like the look on Angelo 's regular featured , almost girlishly good-looking face - or indeed anything about Angelo . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('relations.n.01.relations')
Frequency of Synset('relations.n.01'): 14  (mutual dealings or connections or communications among persons or groups)
	 1.Example sentence: A number of other nineteenth century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; that is , from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states . 
	 2.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 3.Example sentence: Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and - especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair - into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . 

Frequency of Synset('relation.n.01'): 23  (an abstraction belonging to or characteristic of two entities or parts together)
	 1.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 2.Example sentence: The threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` gouging the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of endangering relations with customers , Congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whether or not it is in the industry 's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase , and the relation of this response to the increase in costs accompanying the wage increase . 
	 4.Example sentence: American democratic thought , pointed up the relation between the Protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion , which he called the American Democratic Faith . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('cover.v.05.cover')
Frequency of Synset('cover.v.01'): 34  (provide with a covering or cause to be covered)
	 1.Example sentence: The last roof boards are covered with blocks from outside the shelter . 
	 2.Example sentence: The roof shown here ( fig. 9 ) is a 6 - inch slab of reinforced concrete , covered with at least 20 inches of pit-run gravel . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would have to be covered with at least 28 inches of pit-run gravel . 
	 4.Example sentence: He improvised as he went along , completing a life-size clay figure , then bought yards of an inexpensive material from a draper , wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that Argiento brought from the bank of the Tiber , to the consistency of thick mud . 

Frequency of Synset('cover.v.02'): 19  (form a cover over)
	 1.Example sentence: The water in Thor 's big swimming pool had been covered with a blanket of thick , foamy soapsuds - fashioned , of course , from ZING - Joyce had dived from the board into the pool , then swirled and cavorted in her luxurious `` bath '' while cameras rolled . 
	 2.Example sentence: Side fences were hidden beneath lilacs and hundred leaf roses ; front fences were covered with Virginia creeper or trumpet vines or honeysuckle . 
	 3.Example sentence: Every path from back door to barn was covered by a grape-arbor , and every yard had its fruit trees . 
	 4.Example sentence: I even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made - linden wood covered with leather - so I 'd get the light reflections accurate . 

Frequency of Synset('cover.v.03'): 29  (span an interval of distance, space or time)
	 1.Example sentence: As used in this Act , the term ' saline water ' includes sea water , brackish water , and other mineralized or chemically charged water , and the term ' United States ' extends to and includes the District of Columbia , the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , and the territories and possessions of the United States . 
	 2.Example sentence: In one company covering the country with a high quality sales force of 10 men , the president personally phones each major account every 6 mos. . 
	 3.Example sentence: The predicted interaction effect should , if potent , extend its influence over all academic achievement . 
	 4.Example sentence: Below the fort , high bluffs extended uninterruptedly for six miles along the Mississippi River . 

Frequency of Synset('cover.v.04'): 16  (provide for)
	 1.Example sentence: Any and all payments required to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury under this title pursuant to any award made by the Commission to the Government of the United States shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts . 
	 2.Example sentence: All amounts so deducted shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts . 
	 3.Example sentence: There shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of the proper special fund all funds hereinafter specified . 
	 4.Example sentence: All payments authorized under section 7 of this Title shall be disbursed from the proper fund , as the case may be , and all amounts covered into the Treasury to the credit of the aforesaid funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by section 7 of this Title . 

Frequency of Synset('cover.v.05'): 63  (act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression)
	 1.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 2.Example sentence: For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the steprelationship . 
	 3.Example sentence: One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : 
	 4.Example sentence: Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems . 

Frequency of Synset('embrace.v.01'): 15  (include in scope; include as part of something broader; have as one's sphere or territory)
	 1.Example sentence: For the purposes of this discussion , the problem of relative prices is encompassed in these two variables , since GNP includes other prices . 
	 2.Example sentence: It does n't embrace only the artist , alone before his easel . 
	 3.Example sentence: All this expands the oscillation between surface and depth so as to encompass fictive space in front of the surface as well as behind it . 
	 4.Example sentence: It wit is a misnomer because it covers slips as well as wit . 

Frequency of Synset('traverse.v.01'): 53  (travel across or pass over)
	 1.Example sentence: Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls . 
	 2.Example sentence: Crossing the 4000 - foot width of the Mekong at Champassak , on a raft with an outboard motor , we took off our dusty shirts and enjoyed a veritable ocean breeze . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had not covered a hundred yards before a gun crashed from somewhere behind . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sphere.n.01.domain')
Frequency of Synset('sphere.n.01'): 28  (a particular environment or walk of life)
	 1.Example sentence: Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment , except for a lucky few . 
	 4.Example sentence: Similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field . 

Frequency of Synset('domain.n.02'): 13  (territory over which rule or control is exercised)
	 1.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 
	 2.Example sentence: Throughout the land their hit-and-run terrorists spread fear of ambush and death . 
	 3.Example sentence: To many a Frenchman - they came 95 years ago , colonized , and stayed until Laos became independent in 1953 - the land had been even more delightfully tranquil than Tahiti . 
	 4.Example sentence: People talk about `` the law of the land '' . 

Frequency of Synset('world.n.02'): 34  (people in general; especially a distinctive group of people with some shared interest)
	 1.Example sentence: Even if it did not , how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and submachine guns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast self enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non Jewish world . 
	 3.Example sentence: Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it . 
	 4.Example sentence: These qualities endeared him to both the musicians and the social economic haute monde which supported the concert world of the post World War 1 , era . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('integrity.n.01.unity')
Frequency of Synset('integrity.n.01'): 22  (an undivided or unbroken completeness or totality with nothing wanting)
	 1.Example sentence: The theory of international law , which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in Europe and America , broke this unity and this universality . 
	 2.Example sentence: It takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger unities of power and influence and to view one 's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern , devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: Proprietorships can establish a unity and integrity of control ; corporations , being more amorphous , cannot . 

Frequency of Synset('one.n.01'): 55  (the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number)
	 1.Example sentence: As a word of caution , we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types , question , command , statement , or exclamation . 
	 2.Example sentence: The party is usually in a room small enough so that all guests are within sight and hearing of one another . 
	 3.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 
	 4.Example sentence: In one of these , an exploding wire device to study systems thermodynamically up to 6000 * * f and 100 atmospheres pressure , a major goal was achieved . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('lose.v.01.lose')
Frequency of Synset('lose.v.01'): 112  (fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense)
	 1.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 2.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 
	 3.Example sentence: With few exceptions , the major denominations are rapidly losing their hold on the central city . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 

Frequency of Synset('lose.v.02'): 16  (fail to win)
	 1.Example sentence: Otherwise , she would be baited into a tantrum - teased and provoked until she lost control of herself , and thus lost still another battle in the maddening struggle of Tom Lord Vs. Joyce Lakewood . 
	 2.Example sentence: The local Istiqlal and U.M.C.I.A. offices did not campaign and lost heavily . 
	 3.Example sentence: You know the law : if you lose the debate after accepting a challenge , you will be banished '' ! 
	 4.Example sentence: His statistical record that year , when Texas won only one game and lost nine , was far from impressive : he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards , punted once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards . 

Frequency of Synset('miss.v.01'): 16  (fail to perceive or to catch with the senses or the mind)
	 1.Example sentence: He knew that anything a brainy little lady like her had to say would be plumb important , as well as pleasin ' to the ear , and he did n't want to miss a word of it . 
	 2.Example sentence: But if there was evidence at the Trial that aimed over Eichmann 's head at his collaborators in the societies where he functioned , the press seems to have missed it . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` You 're missing the point '' , he said . 
	 4.Example sentence: The orchestra is far enough away from you that you miss the bow scrapes , valve clicks , and other noises incidental to playing . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('wholly.r.01.entirely')
Frequency of Synset('wholly.r.01'): 86  (to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used informally for `wholly'))
	 1.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 2.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 3.Example sentence: Codification was followed in all countries by a growing amount of legislation , some changing and adjusting the older law , much dealing with entirely new situations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The din was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around . 

Frequency of Synset('entirely.r.02'): 258  (without any others being included or involved)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . 
	 4.Example sentence: Of only one could he be sure - young John Hudson , his second son . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('limit.v.02.confine')
Frequency of Synset('restrict.v.03'): 39  (place limits on (extent or access))
	 1.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 2.Example sentence: However likely it was , Pauling said , he could n't limit himself to it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially `` limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 

Frequency of Synset('limit.v.02'): 11  (restrict or confine,)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and / or industrial patterns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Would it be feasible to limit the menu in order to reduce feeding costs ? 
	 3.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 4.Example sentence: But the historian of literature need not confine his attention to biography or to stylistic questions of form , `` texture '' , or technique . 

Frequency of Synset('restrain.v.03'): 14  (to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A man was holding onto Lou , holding him up . 
	 2.Example sentence: Kneeling , Cobb planted a sturdy knee in the small of his back , holding him pinned . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now , Mis-ter McBride '' , said Lord , and he laid a firmly restraining hand on the field boss 's arm . 
	 4.Example sentence: Blockade runners can be stopped - by gunfire , if necessary - searched and held , at least temporarily . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('use.n.01.exercise')
Frequency of Synset('exercise.n.01'): 26  (the activity of exerting your muscles in various ways to keep fit)
	 1.Example sentence: Halfback Bud Priddy , slowed for almost a month by a slowly mending sprained ankle , joined TCU 's workout Monday . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hansen will engage in his first workout at Miami Stadium prior to the opening tomorrow night of a two game weekend series with the New York Yankees . 
	 3.Example sentence: And they could n't have entrusted Henri to better hands because `` le professeur '' knows his muscles from the sterno-cleido mastoideus of the neck right down to the tibialis anticus of the leg - and better still , he knows just what exercises work best for them and what Weider principles to combine them with for fast , fast muscle growth . 
	 4.Example sentence: Of course he did some exercising - he 's crazy about water skiing and swimming and this vigorous exercise in conjunction with the added food supplements packed pounds of solid muscle on his skinny frame . 

Frequency of Synset('use.n.01'): 106  (the act of using)
	 1.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 2.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 3.Example sentence: Carbon resistors and impurity doped germanium resistors have been investigated for use as precision secondary thermometers in the liquid helium temperature region . 
	 4.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('power.n.01.power')
Frequency of Synset('power.n.01'): 56  (possession of controlling influence)
	 1.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 2.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 
	 3.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: In scope and power it can only be compared to Tolstoy 's War and Peace . 

Frequency of Synset('power.n.02'): 13  ((physics) the rate of doing work; measured in watts (= joules/second))
	 1.Example sentence: For larger plantings , you 'll need some kind of power for plowing , harrowing , disking , and cultivating . 
	 2.Example sentence: Cost of power and machinery is often a serious problem to the small-scale farmer . 
	 3.Example sentence: There should be a regular electrical outlet in the shelter as power may continue in many areas . 
	 4.Example sentence: At about the time the Marsden enterprise was getting under way , the Vail Light and Lumber Company started construction of a chair stock factory on the site of the present Bennington Co-operative Creamery , intending to use its surplus power for generating electricity . 

Frequency of Synset('ability.n.02'): 18  (possession of the qualities (especially mental qualities) required to do something or get something done)
	 1.Example sentence: In any case but the last , such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual ; the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining . 
	 2.Example sentence: Henrietta was discovering in the process of writing , as the born writer does , not merely a channel for the discharge of accumulated information but a stimulus to the development of the creative powers of observation , insight and intuition . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course , it can be argued that an ability to write English correctly and with some degree of elegance is a marketable skill . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus the image of man has suffered complete fragmentation in personal and spiritual qualities , and complete objectification in sub-human and quasi mechanistic powers . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('values.n.01.values')
Frequency of Synset('values.n.01'): 21  (beliefs of a person or social group in which they have an emotional investment (either for or against something))
	 1.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 2.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 3.Example sentence: In essence this involves grounding one 's thought and emotion in the values and experience of others , rather than in one 's own values and experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: In essence this involves grounding one 's thought and emotion in the values and experience of others , rather than in one 's own values and experience . 

Frequency of Synset('value.n.01'): 65  (a numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you publicized the cents per hour value of the company 's share of insurance premiums ? 
	 2.Example sentence: This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago . 
	 3.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 
	 4.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 

Frequency of Synset('value.n.02'): 52  (the quality (positive or negative) that renders something desirable or valuable)
	 1.Example sentence: Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . 
	 2.Example sentence: Shakespeare 's Shylock , too , is of dubious value in the modern world . 
	 3.Example sentence: But what a super Herculean task it is to winnow anything of value from the mud beplastered arguments used so freely , particularly since such common use is made of cliches and stereotypes , in themselves declarations of intellectual bankruptcy . 
	 4.Example sentence: The paper has a certain value as a comparatively easy introduction to this approach , particularly since it treats a fairly simple and straightforward phenomenon where it is possible to compare it with a more traditional ( though not structural ) statement . 

Frequency of Synset('value.n.03'): 13  (the amount (of money or goods or services) that is considered to be a fair equivalent for something else)
	 1.Example sentence: U. S. Rubber Company , New York , passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 3.Example sentence: From an initial investment of $ 1200 in 1943 , it has grown , with no additional capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $ 10000000 ( we do n't disclose financial figures to the public ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: Alexander McDonnell , governor of Red River , and James Bird , a chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company , ordered such `` sundry articles '' to a value of 4500 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('affect.v.01.affect')
Frequency of Synset('affect.v.01'): 46  (have an effect upon)
	 1.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Are your people still alive '' ? he asked , trying to touch a part of her life Alberto had n't discussed ; so he could have something of her for himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: that the Court order does not unequally affect the Southern region ? 
	 4.Example sentence: One can meet with aloofness almost anywhere : the Thank-Heaven-We 're - not-Involved viewpoint , It Does n't Affect Us ! 

Frequency of Synset('affect.v.02'): 11  (act physically on; have an effect upon)
	 1.Example sentence: A randomization of `` ups '' and `` downs '' is more likely than ordered `` ups '' and `` downs '' in position ( 3 ) since the hydrogen atoms are well separated and so the position of one could hardly affect the position of another , and also since ordered `` up '' and `` down '' implies a larger unit cell , for which no evidence exists . 
	 2.Example sentence: The supposed tactual sense of spatial location and orientation in the patient and his ability to specify the location of a member , as well as the direction and scope of a movement , passively executed ( with one of his members ) , proved to have been , on the contrary , very considerably affected '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: So right away Claude introduced Henri to his famous `` moon '' bench and proceeded to teach him his first Push-Pull Super-Set consisting of the wide grip Straight-Arm Pullover ( the `` pull '' part of the Push-Pull Super-Set ) which dramatically widens the rib cage and strongly affects the muscles of the upper back and chest , and the collar-to-collar Bench Press which specifically works on the chest to build those wide , Reeves-type `` gladiator '' pecs , while stimulating the upper lats and frontal deltoids . 
	 4.Example sentence: Last week Chicago happily found its top scholar in Caltech 's acting dean of the faculty : dynamic Geneticist George Wells Beadle , 57 , who shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in medicine and physiology for discovering how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry ( Time , Cover , July 14 , 1958 ) . 

Frequency of Synset('involve.v.01'): 71  (connect closely and often incriminatingly)
	 1.Example sentence: A recent study indicated that 85 per cent of the nation 's largest corporations conducted educational programs involving some class meetings and examinations . 
	 2.Example sentence: The actual mean of 1.07 being about halfway between 0 of complete correlation and 2.0 of no correlation , it is evident that there is a pretty fair degree of similarity in the behavior even of particular individual items of meaning as regards long-term stem displacement . 
	 3.Example sentence: This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is believed that drug therapy and electroshock involve the former and psychotherapy the latter mechanism . 

Frequency of Synset('feign.v.01'): 16  (make believe with the intent to deceive)
	 1.Example sentence: Do n't pretend . 
	 2.Example sentence: No , she would not pretend modesty , but neither must she be crudely bold . 
	 3.Example sentence: One might pretend never to have seen one before , or , to more purpose , that there would never be another like it . 
	 4.Example sentence: He read Henry James and used to pretend profundity through eye-beamings at people . 

Frequency of Synset('affect.v.05'): 26  (have an emotional or cognitive impact upon)
	 1.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had n't struck him as ready to seek anyone 's advise , least of all Garth 's . 
	 2.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 3.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 4.Example sentence: The primary quality of that view seems , now , to have been its quietness , but that cannot at the time have impressed us . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('associate.v.01.relate')
Frequency of Synset('associate.v.01'): 58  (make a logical or causal connection)
	 1.Example sentence: To appreciate this development , we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth century philosophy . 
	 2.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 3.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 
	 4.Example sentence: While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i. e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . 

Frequency of Synset('refer.v.02'): 95  (be relevant to)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , she had a number of them where money was concerned '' , Garth said . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer , for instance , we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('see.v.05.regard')
Frequency of Synset('see.v.05'): 191  (deem to be)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A gift horse to be viewed with suspicion '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 4.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 

Frequency of Synset('involve.v.01'): 71  (connect closely and often incriminatingly)
	 1.Example sentence: A recent study indicated that 85 per cent of the nation 's largest corporations conducted educational programs involving some class meetings and examinations . 
	 2.Example sentence: The actual mean of 1.07 being about halfway between 0 of complete correlation and 2.0 of no correlation , it is evident that there is a pretty fair degree of similarity in the behavior even of particular individual items of meaning as regards long-term stem displacement . 
	 3.Example sentence: This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is believed that drug therapy and electroshock involve the former and psychotherapy the latter mechanism . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('exceed.v.01.transcend')
Frequency of Synset('exceed.v.01'): 24  (be greater in scope or size than some standard)
	 1.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 2.Example sentence: In spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group , the * * f incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if N exceeds about six . 
	 3.Example sentence: Despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; they are priceless even though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page ; they are the most valuable of commodities - and the most salable , for their demand far exceeds supply . 
	 4.Example sentence: Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit . 

Frequency of Synset('exceed.v.02'): 12  (be superior or better than some standard)
	 1.Example sentence: Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress . 
	 2.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 4.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('national.a.01.national')
Frequency of Synset('national.a.01'): 46  (of or relating to or belonging to a nation or country)
	 1.Example sentence: National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . 
	 2.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 3.Example sentence: Each is still glorified as a national hero . 
	 4.Example sentence: We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes . 

Frequency of Synset('national.a.02'): 17  (limited to or in the interests of a particular nation)
	 1.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 
	 2.Example sentence: foster and participate in regional , national , and international conferences relating to saline water conversion ; 
	 3.Example sentence: Scores are stated in grade equivalents on a national norm . 
	 4.Example sentence: The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the Secretary or the President , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference , a speech by a Senator or Congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad , et cetera , ad infinitum . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('intensity.n.02.intensity')
Frequency of Synset('intensity.n.01'): 29  (the amount of energy transmitted (as by acoustic or electromagnetic radiation))
	 1.Example sentence: A set of tables containing spectral intensities for 39000 lines of 70 elements , as observed in a copper matrix in a d-c arc , was completed and published . 
	 2.Example sentence: Studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities . 
	 3.Example sentence: Therefore , sharp turns in a shelter entrance will reduce radiation intensity inside the shelter . 
	 4.Example sentence: Forty-nine hours after an atomic burst the radiation intensity is only about 1 percent of what it was an hour after the explosion . 

Frequency of Synset('intensity.n.02'): 12  (high level or degree; the property of being intense)
	 1.Example sentence: National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . 
	 2.Example sentence: His peculiar gift , as had been suggested before , is his intensity . 
	 3.Example sentence: He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . 
	 4.Example sentence: With the growing complexity of markets and intensity of competition , sales management , whether at the district , region or headquarters level , is a tough job today - and it will be tougher in the future . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('notion.n.02.notion')
Frequency of Synset('impression.n.01'): 57  (a vague idea in which some confidence is placed)
	 1.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling . 
	 3.Example sentence: Demagogues of this sort found communist bogeys lurking behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped notions . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hence , the only defensible procedure is to repress any and every notion , unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe . 

Frequency of Synset('notion.n.02'): 14  (a general inclusive concept)
	 1.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 2.Example sentence: Within this notion clarity is possible , but for us who are neither Greek nor Jansenist there is not such clarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: In she has it in for George dominant stress will ordinarily be on in , where the notion of stored up antipathy seems to center . 
	 4.Example sentence: This notion of the General Will gave rise to the Commune of Paris in the Revolution and later brought Napoleon to dictatorship . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('submit.v.02.put_forward')
Frequency of Synset('submit.v.02'): 23  (put before)
	 1.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 2.Example sentence: But in any event , I submit that the power to depose belongs to Congress , not to this Court . 
	 3.Example sentence: But it is the need to undertake these testaments that I would submit here as symptom of the common man 's malaise . 
	 4.Example sentence: I submit that this is the key problem of international relations , that it always has been , that it always will be . 

Frequency of Synset('raise.v.07'): 17  (summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic)
	 1.Example sentence: The young poet painter reproduces the French life of the streets ; he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights , and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the unconscious liberal , but not unconscious enough , to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would be the most severe reprisal , short of declared war , that the United States could invoke against Castro . 
	 4.Example sentence: William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks , it seems to me , have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected : `` For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation ) - then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification , compounding , or magnification , or any direct assault upon the affections at all . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('integrate.v.01.incorporate')
Frequency of Synset('integrate.v.01'): 12  (make into a whole or make part of a whole)
	 1.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 2.Example sentence: Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated . 
	 3.Example sentence: This may be incorporated in complete feeds at the level of 0.4 milligram of diethylstilbestrol per pound of ration - assuming animal consumes about 25 pounds daily . 
	 4.Example sentence: It may be incorporated into cattle creep feeds in levels from 1.0 to 1.5 milligrams of diethylstilbestrol per pound of feed . 

Frequency of Synset('incorporate.v.02'): 118  (include or contain; have as a component)
	 1.Example sentence: It contained a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather armchairs . 
	 2.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 3.Example sentence: In May , 1803 , Ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy . 
	 4.Example sentence: Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('human.a.01.human')
Frequency of Synset('human.a.01'): 46  (characteristic of humanity)
	 1.Example sentence: A state , the highest form of human organization in fact and theory , could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of self-will , or consent . 
	 2.Example sentence: But fathers often addressed communications to their small children ; and these , full of homely advice , are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters . 
	 3.Example sentence: Shakespeare 's wit and wisdom , his profound insight into human nature , have stood the test of centuries . 
	 4.Example sentence: Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and - especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair - into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . 

Frequency of Synset('human.a.02'): 19  (relating to a person)
	 1.Example sentence: The Rebs were , to a Massachusetts corporal , `` fighting madmen or not men at all but whiskey + gunpowder put into a human frame '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . 
	 3.Example sentence: First came the cannon fodder , white clad civilians being driven into death as a massive human battering ram . 
	 4.Example sentence: The entire group of managers explained , in great detail , a number of human relations errors that he made . 

Frequency of Synset('human.a.03'): 15  (having human form or attributes as opposed to those of animals or divine beings)
	 1.Example sentence: Each aspired to be a god in human form , but with each it was a different kind of god . 
	 2.Example sentence: If a human figure or wild life are to be part of the projected final picture , I try to place them in the initial sketch . 
	 3.Example sentence: Along these lines , the particular point that sensitivity in literature leads to sensitivity in human relations would require more proof than I have seen . 
	 4.Example sentence: A good example of the results obtainable with ultrasonic radiation is contained in papers presented by Dr. G. Baum who has explored the human eye . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('organization.n.01.organization')
Frequency of Synset('organization.n.01'): 29  (a group of people who work together)
	 1.Example sentence: A state , the highest form of human organization in fact and theory , could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of self-will , or consent . 
	 2.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 3.Example sentence: If we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact . 
	 4.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 

Frequency of Synset('arrangement.n.03'): 24  (an organized structure for arranging or classifying)
	 1.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 
	 2.Example sentence: The identification of the basic unit of religious organization - the parish or congregation - with a residential area is self defeating in a modern metropolis , for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the Christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to co-optation . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . 
	 4.Example sentence: By and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system . 

Frequency of Synset('administration.n.02'): 18  (the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body for the purpose of administering something)
	 1.Example sentence: The monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence . 
	 2.Example sentence: A military organization has an objective chosen by the higher command . 
	 3.Example sentence: These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top , six directly under him , six under each of these , and so on until there are six levels of personnel . 
	 4.Example sentence: In order to save the mystery story , they have converted the private detective into an organization man . 

Frequency of Synset('constitution.n.02'): 15  (the act of forming or establishing something)
	 1.Example sentence: The Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools . 
	 2.Example sentence: The practical operational problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would propose , next , as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists , items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first step toward the goal is the establishment of a new atmosphere of mutual good will and friendly communication on other than the polemical level . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('different.a.01.different')
Frequency of Synset('different.a.01'): 88  (unlike in nature or quality or form or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: According to the new theories , the nineteenth century corporate sovereign was `` sovereign '' in a quite new and different sense from his historical predecessors . 
	 2.Example sentence: Each aspired to be a god in human form , but with each it was a different kind of god . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is different with his volume The Swedes and Their Chieftains ( Svenskarna och deras ho ^ vdingar ) , a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students . 
	 4.Example sentence: A Massachusetts soldier , who seems to have been a Civil War version of Bill Mauldin , wrote : `` The officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks . 

Frequency of Synset('different.s.02'): 41  (distinctly separate from the first)
	 1.Example sentence: Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . 
	 2.Example sentence: To be Katharine Ross , and work in a nicer shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes , and learn ladies ' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with foreign sounding names , the ones went to the same church and - Different place , different job , different people , she 'd be all different too . 
	 3.Example sentence: To be Katharine Ross , and work in a nicer shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes , and learn ladies ' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with foreign sounding names , the ones went to the same church and - Different place , different job , different people , she 'd be all different too . 
	 4.Example sentence: To be Katharine Ross , and work in a nicer shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes , and learn ladies ' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with foreign sounding names , the ones went to the same church and - Different place , different job , different people , she 'd be all different too . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('emergence.n.01.growth')
Frequency of Synset('growth.n.01'): 52  ((biology) the process of an individual organism growing organically; a purely biological unfolding of events involved in an organism changing gradually from a simple to a more complex level)
	 1.Example sentence: Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth , determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth . 
	 2.Example sentence: Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth , determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth . 
	 3.Example sentence: Individual differences in maturation and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their capacity for school achievement . 
	 4.Example sentence: An aid in getting cattle and sheep on full feed , in improving feed conversion and growth , in reducing bloat and founder , and in controlling scours . 

Frequency of Synset('growth.n.02'): 20  (a progression from simpler to more complex forms)
	 1.Example sentence: Related to , but distinguishable from , nationalism was the growth of democracy in one form or another . 
	 2.Example sentence: Does our society have a runaway , uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization , or a normal , healthy growth ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Does our society have a runaway , uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization , or a normal , healthy growth ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('demand.n.01.demand')
Frequency of Synset('demand.n.01'): 22  (an urgent or peremptory request)
	 1.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: Programs usually are expanded only when outside funds are available or local business leaders demand it . 
	 3.Example sentence: She had quarreled with Lucien , she had resisted his demands for money - and if she died , by the provisions of her marriage contract , Lucien would inherit legally not only the immediate sum of gold under the floorboards in the office , but later , when the war was over , her father 's entire estate . 
	 4.Example sentence: And he certainly could n't have guessed that she would resist his demand for the gold or that she was not the yielding - yes , and credible fool he had every right to expect . 

Frequency of Synset('requirement.n.01'): 25  (required activity)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you protect your holiday privileges with an attendance requirement both before and after the holiday ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 3.Example sentence: Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation . 
	 4.Example sentence: While the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer 's report be placed in the registrant 's file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 . 

Frequency of Synset('need.n.01'): 56  (a condition requiring relief)
	 1.Example sentence: Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer 's notes and report , especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of Justice 's recommendation to the appeal board . 
	 2.Example sentence: Petitioner was not entitled , either in the administrative hearing at the Department of Justice or at his trial , to inspect the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , since he was furnished a resume of it , did not challenge its accuracy , and showed no particular need for the original report . 
	 3.Example sentence: The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was no reason for her to marry someone like Stanley Gilborn , there was no need for her to marry Stanley . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('respective.s.01.various')
Frequency of Synset('assorted.s.02'): 35  (of many different kinds purposefully arranged but lacking any uniformity)
	 1.Example sentence: This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which , properly handled , would , he had assured him , turn into a workbench . 
	 3.Example sentence: study methods for the recovery and marketing of commercially valuable byproducts resulting from the conversion of saline water ; and undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purposes in various parts of the United States by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods . 
	 4.Example sentence: Adult education courses , work-study programs of various sorts - these are all evidence of a continuing interest of the schools in furthering educational opportunities for out-of-school youth . 

Frequency of Synset('respective.s.01'): 50  (considered individually)
	 1.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 
	 4.Example sentence: By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('status.n.01.status')
Frequency of Synset('status.n.01'): 31  (the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society)
	 1.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 3.Example sentence: Contract - conceived as the free bargain of formal equals - replaced the implied obligations of a more static and status conscious society . 
	 4.Example sentence: The university was the only one in Denmark and the status of professor represented the upper social level . 

Frequency of Synset('condition.n.01'): 70  (a state at a particular time)
	 1.Example sentence: When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . 
	 3.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 4.Example sentence: Men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as `` looseness of the bowels '' ; but a much more common designation was `` the sh-ts '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('dramatic.s.02.dramatic')
Frequency of Synset('dramatic.a.01'): 13  (suitable to or characteristic of drama)
	 1.Example sentence: About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . 
	 2.Example sentence: Also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was required . 
	 3.Example sentence: Take Augustine 's doctrine of grace given and grace withheld : have you pondered the dramatic qualities in this theology ? 
	 4.Example sentence: As he declaimed the sonorous measures , it was as much as Claire could do to restrain herself from bursting out with her dramatic tidings . 

Frequency of Synset('dramatic.s.02'): 23  (sensational in appearance or thrilling in effect)
	 1.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . 
	 4.Example sentence: Whatever projection one makes , the striking fact about congregational and parochial life is the extent to which it is a vehicle of the social identity of middle-class people . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('control.v.01.control')
Frequency of Synset('control.v.01'): 28  (exercise authoritative control or power over)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: We have concluded that petitioner 's claims are controlled by the rationale of gonzales v. United States , 348 U. S. 407 ( 1955 ) , and United States v. Nugent , 346 U. S .1 ( 1953 ) , and therefore affirm the judgment . 
	 4.Example sentence: We found in Gonzales v. United States , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant . 

Frequency of Synset('control.v.02'): 28  (lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits)
	 1.Example sentence: These were to be kept on , to hold in the 32 souls . 
	 2.Example sentence: But both were high-spirited and vivacious , both had tempers to control , both loved languages , especially English and German , both were good teachers and wrote for publication . 
	 3.Example sentence: Distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties - and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The trouble with you '' , old man Arthur began , and then checked himself . 

Frequency of Synset('operate.v.03'): 21  (handle and cause to function)
	 1.Example sentence: - Expenditures for operating and maintaining the stations and equipment of the Armed Forces are estimated to be $ 10.3 billion in 1961 , which is $ 184 million more than in 1960 . 
	 2.Example sentence: The great absorbency of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the watercolorist . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` See , Argiento , if you control the way these folds are bunched , like this , or made to flow , you can enrich the body attitudes . 
	 4.Example sentence: All samplers were operated for a period of two hours except one , which was operated for four hours . 

Frequency of Synset('see.v.10'): 48  (be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something)
	 1.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 4.Example sentence: He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess 's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('influence.v.01.influence')
Frequency of Synset('influence.v.01'): 19  (have and exert influence or effect)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World - the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated - the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America - the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso - the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art - the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you following competition willy-nilly - trying to match dollar for dollar - or are you experimenting with new means for reaching and influencing consumers ? 
	 4.Example sentence: It is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or interpenetrate one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.02'): 42  (shape or influence; give direction to)
	 1.Example sentence: If economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration . 
	 2.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 3.Example sentence: We consider a rural community as an assemblage of inhabited dwellings whose configuration is determined by the location and size of the arable land sites necessary for family subsistence . 
	 4.Example sentence: When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures , many salons , many dialectics , many personalities , he tried to refashion himself into a stylist of many styles , determined by many disparate cultures . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('attention.n.01.attention')
Frequency of Synset('attention.n.01'): 51  (the process whereby a person concentrates on some features of the environment to the (relative) exclusion of others)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: Attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches ; this style is characteristically an expression of the communal style of the middle classes . 
	 3.Example sentence: What goes on in the cage will occupy our attention under the rubric of the organization church . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 

Frequency of Synset('care.n.01'): 14  (the work of providing treatment for or attending to someone or something)
	 1.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both Negro and white , should devote far more attention . 
	 3.Example sentence: Will your trade customers settle for less attention and fewer frills in return for some benefit they can share ? 
	 4.Example sentence: These my grandmother left in their places ( they are still there , more persistent and longer-lived than the generations of man ) and planted others like them , that flourished without careful tending . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('means.n.01.means')
Frequency of Synset('means.n.01'): 105  (how a result is obtained or an end is achieved)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . 
	 3.Example sentence: Such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer . 
	 4.Example sentence: In March , 1961 , representatives of the national laboratories of Australia , Canada , The Netherlands , United Kingdom , U. S. S. R. , United States , and West Germany , met at the NBS to devise means for reaching international agreement on a temperature scale between 10 and 90 * * f . 

Frequency of Synset('means.n.02'): 11  (an instrumentality for accomplishing some end)
	 1.Example sentence: Practically all the people of Laos , he explained - about two million of them - are rice farmers , and the means and motives of modern war are as strange to them as clocks and steel plows . 
	 2.Example sentence: These things have been disseminated by other means , but always in the wake of extensive publication of analytic results . 
	 3.Example sentence: So in these pages the term `` technology '' is used to include any and all means which could amplify , project , or augment man 's control over himself and over other men . 
	 4.Example sentence: Means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('invent.v.01.formulate')
Frequency of Synset('explicate.v.02'): 14  (elaborate, as of theories and hypotheses)
	 1.Example sentence: The contention needs to be formulated with much greater precision than it ever was during the campaign , but once that has been done , I fail to see how any serious student of world affairs can quarrel with it . 
	 2.Example sentence: It develops and analyzes the national income , balance of international payments , and many other business indicators . 
	 3.Example sentence: However much we may have to criticize liberal theology 's constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it . 
	 4.Example sentence: In affirming this we have already taken the decisive step in breaking the deadlock into which Bultmann 's attempt to formulate such a theology has led . 

Frequency of Synset('invent.v.01'): 32  (come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a mental effort)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . 
	 4.Example sentence: So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('enforce.v.01.enforce')
Frequency of Synset('enforce.v.01'): 20  (ensure observance of laws and rules)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The individualism and public service of the private detective both stem from his dedication to a personal code of conduct : he enforces the law without being told to do so . 
	 3.Example sentence: During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment - and the bitterest irony - enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : 
	 4.Example sentence: It is because each side has sought to implement its distinctive theological belief through legislation and thus indirectly force its belief , or at least the practical consequences thereof , upon others . 

Frequency of Synset('enforce.v.02'): 19  (compel to behave in a certain way)
	 1.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 2.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 3.Example sentence: With troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground , it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication . 
	 4.Example sentence: Last year the Congress discontinued its previously imposed minimum personnel strength limitations on the Army Reserve . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('thing.n.02.thing')
Frequency of Synset('thing.n.01'): 55  (a special situation)
	 1.Example sentence: He did not , however , settle back into acquiescence with things as they were . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Our people have been used to accepting things as they found them '' , he said . 
	 3.Example sentence: When asked how this was different from being a good Protestant , the boy answered , `` It 's the same thing '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college oriented . 

Frequency of Synset('thing.n.02'): 40  (an action)
	 1.Example sentence: The old way of doing things , which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no longer adequate to the task . 
	 2.Example sentence: The expedient thing - yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then on Monday morning - or it might have to be Tuesday - get up and leave just the usual time , and last thing , put the money in an envelope under the old woman 's purse there in the drawer . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` A lot of people are so peculiar that they do n't like cats , it 's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens - and , damn it , you know very well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away ! 

Frequency of Synset('thing.n.03'): 28  (a special abstraction)
	 1.Example sentence: One need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself . 
	 2.Example sentence: In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . 
	 3.Example sentence: From the time he had been at college he had achieved a certain tranquility and composure by accepting the fact that there were certain things he could never know . 
	 4.Example sentence: That , I thought , is at least one thing I can find out when we meet . 

Frequency of Synset('thing.n.04'): 31  (an artifact)
	 1.Example sentence: These things have been disseminated by other means , but always in the wake of extensive publication of analytic results . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` The recognition of complicity is the beginning of innocence '' , where innocence , I think , means about the same thing as redemption . 
	 3.Example sentence: Add things as you find you need ' em '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: But then , when you stuck things into the holes , why did n't they come right out again ? 

Frequency of Synset('thing.n.05'): 26  (an event)
	 1.Example sentence: Just as thousands that day in Portugal had seen the sun dancing in the sky , he had seen the same thing later in his own garden , and she turned to Agnese for confirmation . 
	 2.Example sentence: Have cost studies been made of every phase of your operation to determine what might be done if things get worse ? 
	 3.Example sentence: The first thing he knew the words `` Garryowen '' ! burst from his throat . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` That was a rotten thing to do '' . 

Frequency of Synset('matter.n.01'): 68  (a vaguely specified concern)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Even two or three years ago I doubt that she 'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 4.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 

Frequency of Synset('thing.n.07'): 24  (a statement regarded as an object)
	 1.Example sentence: When he had finished with that , he would go to another part of the hotel and say much the same things to someone else , most probably a busboy . 
	 2.Example sentence: He would say , of course , that he had not really had any such wish ; that what he had said was no more than one of those things one does say , lightly , meaning nothing . 
	 3.Example sentence: Her little brown face wrinkled up , her brown eyes gleamed , and with her little gestures she said all the courteous things . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mr. Crombie could n't remember his saying any such thing . 

Frequency of Synset('thing.n.08'): 17  (an entity that is not named specifically)
	 1.Example sentence: Complying methodically , Pat pulled pocket after pocket inside out without finding a thing . 
	 2.Example sentence: Improvement , however , is urgent , and at least three things will be needed . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was n't any such thing any more . 
	 4.Example sentence: He said he was the lonely type and working in a cellar you saw funny things coming out of the cracks in the wall if they was n't nobody with you . 

Frequency of Synset('thing.n.09'): 20  (any attribute or quality considered as having its own existence)
	 1.Example sentence: `` When you marry , you want to have things in common '' , a girl said , `` and it 's hard when you do n't marry someone with your own background '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: But in general the individual variation is a small thing added onto basic linguistic features of greater magnitude . 
	 3.Example sentence: That was one of the things she liked about Stanley . 
	 4.Example sentence: In any given time period , the aggregate demand for the industry 's product is determined by two things : the price charged by the industry , and the level of GNP . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('consider.v.03.deal')
Frequency of Synset('cover.v.05'): 63  (act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression)
	 1.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 2.Example sentence: For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the steprelationship . 
	 3.Example sentence: One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : 
	 4.Example sentence: Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems . 

Frequency of Synset('consider.v.03'): 73  (take into consideration for exemplifying purposes)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in plant feeding operation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . 

Frequency of Synset('deal.v.03'): 14  (take action with respect to (someone or something))
	 1.Example sentence: Upon which the detective bureau despatched rifle squads to prevent trouble if O ' Banion should send his gunmen out to deal with the hijacking policemen . 
	 2.Example sentence: Christiana Securities Company and Delaware Realty + Investment Company , major stockholders in du Pont , and the stockholders of Delaware were dealt with specially by provisions requiring the annual sale by a trustee , again over a ten year period , of du Pont 's General Motors stock allocable to them , as well as any General Motors stock which Christiana and Delaware owned outright . 
	 3.Example sentence: And I suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of American policy-makers , ever since we assumed free world leadership in 1945 , to deal with this problem realistically and seriously . 
	 4.Example sentence: It would be well to show the populace how we deal with adulterers '' . 

Frequency of Synset('cope.v.01'): 16  (come to terms with)
	 1.Example sentence: Even if it did not , how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and submachine guns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Martha presumably would cope . 
	 3.Example sentence: The expedient thing - yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The state universities of Maine , New Hampshire , And Vermont are older and more `` respectable '' ; they had less immigration to contend with . 

Frequency of Synset('distribute.v.01'): 18  (administer or bestow, as in small portions)
	 1.Example sentence: Hallmark Cards , Inc. , Kansas City , Mo. , has a do-it-yourself quiz game called `` Benefit Bafflers '' , which it distributes to employees . 
	 2.Example sentence: John , an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics , headed the rural development division of USOM , the United States Operations Mission administering U. S. aid . 
	 3.Example sentence: Eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his condescending , `` You 're welcome '' , was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor , over these months , on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note , each time , that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor suffered again on the morrow . 
	 4.Example sentence: Jury , judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere , at any time , to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated . 

Frequency of Synset('manage.v.02'): 51  (be in charge of, act on, or dispose of)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: Present at the scene - in addition to the dead man , who was indeed Louis Thor - had been Thor 's partner Bill Blake , and Antony Rose , an advertising agency executive who handled the ZING account . 
	 4.Example sentence: If , as I suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems . 

Frequency of Synset('conduct.v.01'): 45  (direct the course of; manage or control)
	 1.Example sentence: There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves . 
	 2.Example sentence: Unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with sweethearts at home . 
	 3.Example sentence: conduct , encourage , and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for converting saline water into water suitable for beneficial consumptive purposes ; 
	 4.Example sentence: conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('undertaking.n.01.task')
Frequency of Synset('undertaking.n.01'): 40  (any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted)
	 1.Example sentence: The old way of doing things , which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no longer adequate to the task . 
	 2.Example sentence: The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` What you see are self-help projects '' , John said . 

Frequency of Synset('job.n.02'): 50  (a specific piece of work required to be done as a duty or for a specific fee)
	 1.Example sentence: Are there possibilities of having cafeteria help work part-time on custodial or other jobs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters ' sons to retain in camp Negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , when there 's a job to be done , I 'm a monstrosity of grim determination , I like to think . 
	 4.Example sentence: The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('exist.v.01.exist')
Frequency of Synset('exist.v.01'): 788  (have an existence, be extant)
	 1.Example sentence: Are there other , cheaper communications techniques that could be substituted ? 
	 2.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are two sides of a coin for this decision . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job . 

Frequency of Synset('exist.v.02'): 25  (support oneself)
	 1.Example sentence: Part-time farming gives a measure of security if the regular job is lost , provided the farm is owned free of debt and furnishes enough income to meet fixed expenses and minimum living costs . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other experts say , however , that if sexual domination by one or the other partner exists for longer than a brief period , it is likely to shake the marriage . 
	 3.Example sentence: To have someday that love returned was what he had lived for . 
	 4.Example sentence: The third credit service , Banks for Cooperatives , exists under authority of the Farm Credit Act of 1933 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('particular.s.01.peculiar')
Frequency of Synset('curious.s.01'): 27  (beyond or deviating from the usual or expected)
	 1.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 2.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 
	 3.Example sentence: Funny how seldom they did : used to it , probably . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` A lot of people are so peculiar that they do n't like cats , it 's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens - and , damn it , you know very well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away ! 

Frequency of Synset('particular.s.01'): 60  (unique or specific to a person or thing or category)
	 1.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 2.Example sentence: A number of other nineteenth century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; that is , from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states . 
	 3.Example sentence: First was the period of codification of existing law : the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that , in fact , resulted from Austin 's restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories , each depicting a special phase of the general subject . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('result.v.01.result')
Frequency of Synset('result.v.01'): 45  (issue or terminate (in a specified way, state, etc.); end)
	 1.Example sentence: First was the period of codification of existing law : the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that , in fact , resulted from Austin 's restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England . 
	 2.Example sentence: Just as now anyone may hurl insults at a citizen of Mars , or even of Tikopia , and no senatorial investigation will result . 
	 3.Example sentence: But is that not like going to a chemistry laboratory and blindly pouring out liquids and powders from an array of bottles and then , after stirring , expecting a new wonder drug inevitably to result ? 
	 4.Example sentence: If , as I suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.07'): 88  (have as a result or residue)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 4.Example sentence: We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner 's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('authority.n.01.authority')
Frequency of Synset('authority.n.01'): 20  (the power or right to give orders or make decisions)
	 1.Example sentence: The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was not opposed to either justice or morality ; it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority . 
	 3.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 4.Example sentence: Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts , credit ideas with high potency . 

Frequency of Synset('assurance.n.01'): 15  (freedom from doubt; belief in yourself and your abilities)
	 1.Example sentence: The reason offered for clinging to the ancestral faith lacked force and authority even in the teen-agers ' minds . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the past year there had been too many examples of his euphoric self-confidence and self aggrandisement for their liking . 
	 3.Example sentence: Are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization ; who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume , production , and distribution costs ; and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some assurance ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package . 

Frequency of Synset('agency.n.01'): 48  (an administrative unit of government)
	 1.Example sentence: We said there that it was necessary `` that a registrant be given an opportunity to rebut [ the Department 's ] recommendation when it comes to the Appeal Board , the agency with the ultimate responsibility for classification '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; and cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . 
	 3.Example sentence: coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; and cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The fullest cooperation by and with Atomic Energy Commission , the Department of Health Education and Welfare , the Department of State , and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this Act . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('campaign.n.02.movement')
Frequency of Synset('motion.n.03'): 19  (a change of position that does not entail a change of location)
	 1.Example sentence: He drew back his arm to slash the gunbarrel across Jess 's face , but did n't finish the motion . 
	 2.Example sentence: Experience is not seen , as it is in classical rationalism , as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character , movements , and changes on the tabula rasa of an uninvolved intellect . 
	 3.Example sentence: Our most elemental and unavoidable impressions , he says , are those of being involved in a large arena of powers which have a longer past than our own , which are interrelated in a vast movement through the present toward the future . 
	 4.Example sentence: The waters lay muddy but placid , without a ripple of movement against the wheels ; there was not a match width of damp mark to show they were receding . 

Frequency of Synset('movement.n.03'): 20  (a natural event that involves a change in the position or location of something)
	 1.Example sentence: Since the air is a continuum , the network of communication remains intact regardless of the positions or motions of the points ( the people ) in the net . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was no real sign of the river now , just a roiling , oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere . 
	 3.Example sentence: The movement of events is so fast , the pace so severe , that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was again in motion and at a speed which belied the truck 's similarity to Senor X 's Ford turtle . 

Frequency of Synset('campaign.n.02'): 20  (a series of actions advancing a principle or tending toward a particular end)
	 1.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 
	 2.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: His cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present . 
	 4.Example sentence: His broad interest in literary , political , and philosophical movements opened many doors to him . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('increase.v.02.increase')
Frequency of Synset('increase.v.01'): 83  (become bigger or greater in amount)
	 1.Example sentence: The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 * * f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the | l point . 
	 2.Example sentence: The entry limiting price will also be raised for potential domestic competition , but unless general inflation permits profit margins to increase proportionately throughout the economy , we might expect the public limit price to approach the entry limit price . 
	 3.Example sentence: Retired pay costs are increased by $ 94 million in 1961 over 1960 , partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour , up 11 % in two years , and of each steaming hour , up 15 % . 

Frequency of Synset('increase.v.02'): 61  (make bigger or more)
	 1.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the following year , 1803 , Oersted , simultaneously with Davy , discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still a quarter-mile away , the fresh clap of guns only served to increase his speed . 
	 4.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('labor.n.01.labor')
Frequency of Synset('labor.n.01'): 21  (a social class comprising those who do manual labor or work for wages)
	 1.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 2.Example sentence: Was it supposed , perchance , that A + M ( vocational training , that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the post Civil War period , the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe , to work in the mills , to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the West ? 
	 3.Example sentence: On one of his 1921 ventures he was actually come upon by a Detective Sergeant John J. Ryan down on his knees with a tool embedded in a labour office safe in the Postal Telegraph Building ; the jury wanted better evidence than that and he was acquitted , at a cost of $ 30000 in bribes , it was estimated . 
	 4.Example sentence: They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . 

Frequency of Synset('labor.n.02'): 19  (productive work (especially physical work done for wages))
	 1.Example sentence: `` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . 
	 2.Example sentence: He seems , by some unconscious division of labor , to have given them that one function and no other , leaving communication to the rest of the face . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a three month journey in the dead of winter followed by three months of labor on Mackinac boats . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hard physical labor and undesirable hours are a part of farm life . 

Frequency of Synset('undertaking.n.01'): 40  (any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted)
	 1.Example sentence: The old way of doing things , which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no longer adequate to the task . 
	 2.Example sentence: The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` What you see are self-help projects '' , John said . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('distinguish.v.01.separate')
Frequency of Synset('separate.v.01'): 22  (act as a barrier between; stand between)
	 1.Example sentence: Another effect discovered is the large coefficient of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences straddling the nitrogen dissociation region are present . 
	 2.Example sentence: Now , as he passed the open counter that divided the assembly room from the business office , he nodded and said good night to the station keeper and his clerks , not stopping to hear the day-watch playback of his chewing out . 
	 3.Example sentence: They would have to go west through the narrow river valley that separated Leyte from Samar and hope that it did n't close in before they returned . 
	 4.Example sentence: The waves are separated by intervals of 15 minutes to an hour or more ( because of their great length ) , and this has often lulled people into thinking after the first great wave has crashed that it is all over . 

Frequency of Synset('distinguish.v.01'): 29  (mark as different)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? 
	 2.Example sentence: It was , too , an optimistic philosophy , and , though it separated law from morality , it was by no means an immoral or amoral one . 
	 3.Example sentence: Man , we are told , is endowed with reason and is capable of distinguishing good from bad . 
	 4.Example sentence: What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast self enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non Jewish world . 

Frequency of Synset('divide.v.01'): 29  (separate into parts or portions)
	 1.Example sentence: He had no apparent comprehension of morality ; he divided humanity into `` right guys '' and `` wrong guys '' , and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under . 
	 2.Example sentence: When prepositional complements are divided as in what are you looking for ? 
	 3.Example sentence: This approach requires that : ( 1 ) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries , and ( 2 ) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be synthesized into a description of the particular word . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , the dictionary is divided into at least two parts : 

Frequency of Synset('classify.v.01'): 17  (arrange or order by classes or categories)
	 1.Example sentence: On November 13 , 1952 , he was classified in Class 1 , - A . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thereafter he was classified 1 , - O . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , for convenience we will stick to the idea that information can be classified according to Table 1 . 
	 4.Example sentence: Neither can be adequately systematized until we are able to separate the two and assign the observed phenomena individually to one or the other . 

Frequency of Synset('break.v.02'): 13  (become separated into pieces or fragments)
	 1.Example sentence: From the point of view of syntactic analysis the head word in the statement is the predicator has broken , and from the point of view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking ; but dominant stress will be assigned to broken only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence . 
	 2.Example sentence: A seeping coldness entered Holden 's being ; his nerves seemed frost-bitten down to the tips of his tingling fingers and his spine felt stiff and glass like , liable to break like an icicle at any moment . 
	 3.Example sentence: I ducked just as the first strand broke somewhere down the line and came whipping over the sideboards . 
	 4.Example sentence: Earthquakes result when movements in the earth twist rocks until they break . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('assume.v.03.acquire')
Frequency of Synset('get.v.01'): 254  (come into the possession of something concrete or abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: They get all the glory and most of the pay and do n't earn ten cents apiece on the average , the drunken rascals '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: and getting them seemed a life 's work . 
	 4.Example sentence: What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor 's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes - and handbag containing her identification . 

Frequency of Synset('assume.v.03'): 52  (take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 
	 2.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 

Frequency of Synset('grow.v.08'): 23  (come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes))
	 1.Example sentence: It was only a fifteen minute flight , but before it was through Greg felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pa had his head up , glaring , his teeth gnawing at the place where he 'd grown a mustache once . 
	 3.Example sentence: One might also wonder if monkeys are capable of developing bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse . 
	 4.Example sentence: The policeman got a confused , funny look on his face , and he had answered kind of politely , `` Now , look here , lady : I know you got to entertain these kids and all . 

Frequency of Synset('acquire.v.05'): 55  (win something through one's efforts)
	 1.Example sentence: `` We were brought up that way '' was one statement which won general assent . 
	 2.Example sentence: In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams . 
	 3.Example sentence: One is that they were established , or gained eminence , under pressure provided by these same immigrants , from whom the old families wished to segregate their children . 
	 4.Example sentence: We unanimously agreed that Prokofieff had won his rights as a world citizen to the first ranks of Twentieth Century Composers . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.01'): 89  (gain knowledge or skills)
	 1.Example sentence: From the town surveyor , Hans learned drawing and mathematics and , from a university student , some academic subjects . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; they read every book that they could borrow in the village . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now they learn that men can change their surroundings , through their traditional village elders , without violence . 
	 4.Example sentence: He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . 

Frequency of Synset('develop.v.03'): 39  (gain through experience)
	 1.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` We 've got Father and Mother and each other , '' said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott 's Little Women ; and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; and the Szold family , as it developed , bore a striking resemblance to the Marches . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student , while still in school , to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation . 
	 4.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('trade.n.01.trade')
Frequency of Synset('trade.n.01'): 16  (the commercial exchange (buying and selling on domestic or international markets) of goods and services)
	 1.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 2.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 3.Example sentence: Many industry trade associations are developing campaigns to protect or enhance the share of the consumer 's dollar being spent on their particular products . 
	 4.Example sentence: The latter provisions proscribe any contract , combination , or conspiracy in restraint of interstate or foreign trade , and monopolization of , or attempts , combinations , or conspiracies to monopolize , such trade . 

Frequency of Synset('trade.n.02'): 19  (the skilled practice of a practical occupation)
	 1.Example sentence: These opportunities are to be found in certain cities in such crafts as auto mechanics , carpentry , drafting , electrical work , tool-and-die work , and sheet-metal work . 
	 2.Example sentence: The `` diversified occupations '' program is a part-time trade preparatory program conducted over two school years on a cooperative basis between the school and local industrial and business employers . 
	 3.Example sentence: To be sure , in tool-and-die work and in the building trades , the first job must be often on an apprentice basis , but two years of halftime vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment , except for a lucky few . 

Frequency of Synset('deal.n.01'): 11  (a particular instance of buying or selling)
	 1.Example sentence: Acourse there 's this deal o ' Denny 's - and Jackie 's - kinda hangin ' fire , ai n't it , maybe you 've been kinda worryin ' over that . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` This deal with the ace o ' spades . 
	 3.Example sentence: Two weeks , a month , we talk it over again , and maybe if nothing happens meanwhile to say the cops know this and that , then we make a little deal , is n't it '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Fifty a throw , that the deal ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('business.n.07.business')
Frequency of Synset('business.n.01'): 38  (a commercial or industrial enterprise and the people who constitute it)
	 1.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 2.Example sentence: You see , you got to remember , we all got schedules , like any business ! 
	 3.Example sentence: How in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business , raise a family , be on half a dozen boards , work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a bulging brief case ? 
	 4.Example sentence: This problem can force a change in marketing approach in many kinds of businesses . 

Frequency of Synset('commercial_enterprise.n.02'): 20  (the activity of providing goods and services involving financial and commercial and industrial aspects)
	 1.Example sentence: So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others . 
	 2.Example sentence: He rather wished he had never got into the business , and still - scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy money . 
	 3.Example sentence: Given this kind of business climate , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yr. ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Average manufacturer frequently has helped build private brand business , delivering largely the same qualities and styles in private brand merchandise as in branded . 

Frequency of Synset('occupation.n.01'): 97  (the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money)
	 1.Example sentence: Would early retirement of non-productive , disabled employees reduce the number of make-work jobs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Younger men usually do n't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they 're liable to change jobs several times before settling down . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('gestate.v.01.conceive')
Frequency of Synset('gestate.v.01'): 20  (have the idea for)
	 1.Example sentence: Contract - conceived as the free bargain of formal equals - replaced the implied obligations of a more static and status conscious society . 
	 2.Example sentence: Of course , these works are not comparable , even though the same brain conceived them . 
	 3.Example sentence: The early works were conceived for a sophisticated , international audience ; the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens . 
	 4.Example sentence: The early works were conceived for a sophisticated , international audience ; the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens . 

Frequency of Synset('think.v.01'): 279  (judge or regard; look upon; judge)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` They thout I was a saint . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A. M. A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you did n't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you did n't bathe . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('subject.n.01.theme')
Frequency of Synset('subject.n.01'): 31  (the subject matter of a conversation or discussion)
	 1.Example sentence: Indeed , contract was the dominant legal theme of the century , the touchstone of the free society . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories , each depicting a special phase of the general subject . 
	 3.Example sentence: And she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December . 
	 4.Example sentence: New Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence , as Jefferson explained in his `` Autobiography '' : `` The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia , who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it . 

Frequency of Synset('composition.n.08'): 21  (an essay (especially one written as an assignment))
	 1.Example sentence: Dr. A. V. Astin , NBS Director , opened the 5 - day session with introductory remarks , following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by NBS scientists , from both the Washington and Boulder Laboratories . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second explanation is suggested by the material described in Rowlands ' paper . 
	 3.Example sentence: One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : 
	 4.Example sentence: But it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology . 

Frequency of Synset('root.n.03'): 25  ((linguistics) the form of a word after all affixes are removed)
	 1.Example sentence: There are more stems per item in Athabascan , which expresses the fact that the Athabascan languages have undergone somewhat more change in diverging from proto Athabascan than the Yokuts languages from proto Yokuts . 
	 2.Example sentence: The differentiation however is not very much greater , as shown by the fact that Athabascan shows 3.46 stems per meaning slot as against 2.75 for Yokuts , with a slightly greater number of languages represented in our sample : 24 as against 21 . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( On deduction of one-eighth from 3.46 , the stem / item rate becomes 3.03 against 2.75 in equivalent number of languages . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: If word classes differ in their resistance or liability to stem replacement within meaning slot , it is conceivable that individual meanings also differ with fair consistence trans lingually . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('borrow.v.01.borrow')
Frequency of Synset('borrow.v.01'): 16  (get temporarily)
	 1.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; they read every book that they could borrow in the village . 
	 3.Example sentence: So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others . 
	 4.Example sentence: The amount which may be borrowed from the SBA depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan . 

Frequency of Synset('adopt.v.02'): 11  (take up and practice as one's own)
	 1.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 2.Example sentence: Shakespeare did not usually invent the incidents in his plays , but borrowed them from old stories , ballads , and plays , wove them together , and then breathed into them his spark of life . 
	 3.Example sentence: Again the student of evolutionary biology will find a fascinating , if to our minds grotesque , anticipation of the theory of chance variations and the natural elimination of the unfit in Lucretius , who in turn seems to have borrowed the concept from the philosopher Empedocles . 
	 4.Example sentence: In short , and to borrow an arboreal phrase , slash timber . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('family.n.02.family')
Frequency of Synset('family.n.01'): 66  (a social unit living together)
	 1.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 
	 2.Example sentence: His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school . 
	 3.Example sentence: It takes place in the household , a rite of well wishing for myriad occasions - for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the New Year , for any good purpose . 
	 4.Example sentence: The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation . 

Frequency of Synset('family.n.02'): 52  (primary social group; parents and children)
	 1.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 2.Example sentence: Heidenstam was born in 1859 , of a prosperous family . 
	 3.Example sentence: The family estate was situated near Vadstena on Lake Va ^ ttern in south central Sweden . 
	 4.Example sentence: By the death of his father in 1888 he had come into possession of the family estate and had re-assumed its traditions . 

Frequency of Synset('class.n.01'): 40  (a collection of things sharing a common attribute)
	 1.Example sentence: On November 13 , 1952 , he was classified in Class 1 , - A . 
	 2.Example sentence: So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others . 
	 3.Example sentence: These general facts are mentioned to make clear that the total situation in the two families is similar enough to warrant comparison . 
	 4.Example sentence: Swadesh , and therefore Hoijer , felt compelled to omit all terms denoting species or even genera ( fox , vulture , salmon , yellow pine , manzanita ) ; their classes of animal and plant terms are restricted to generalizations or recurrent parts ( fish , bird , tree , grass , horn , tail , bark , root ) . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('agreement.n.04.arrangement')
Frequency of Synset('agreement.n.04'): 15  (the thing arranged or agreed to)
	 1.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 2.Example sentence: As a first step toward this goal , arrangements were worked out for comparing the scales now in use through circulation of a group of standard platinum resistance thermometers for calibration by each national laboratory . 
	 3.Example sentence: The `` distributive education '' program operates in a similar way , with arrangements between the school and employers in merchandising fields . 
	 4.Example sentence: When there is employment opportunity for youth , this arrangement - or lack of arrangement - works out quite well . 

Frequency of Synset('arrangement.n.03'): 24  (an organized structure for arranging or classifying)
	 1.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 
	 2.Example sentence: The identification of the basic unit of religious organization - the parish or congregation - with a residential area is self defeating in a modern metropolis , for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the Christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to co-optation . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . 
	 4.Example sentence: By and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('example.n.01.example')
Frequency of Synset('example.n.01'): 50  (an item of information that is typical of a class or group)
	 1.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 2.Example sentence: It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum , next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence . 
	 3.Example sentence: Gustaf Vasa is a superb example , and Charles 10 , , the conqueror of Denmark , hardly less so . 
	 4.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 

Frequency of Synset('model.n.07'): 14  (a representative form or pattern)
	 1.Example sentence: It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum , next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence . 
	 2.Example sentence: Examples are in public utilities , making military aircraft and accessories , or where the investment and risk for a proprietorship would be too great for a much needed project impossible to achieve by any means other than the corporate form , e. g. constructing major airports or dams . 
	 3.Example sentence: In such a case the defendant should serve as a clear example and not have to be tied to the issue by argument . 
	 4.Example sentence: Eichmann himself is a model of how the myth of the enemy Jew can be used to transform the ordinary man of present-day society into a menace to all his neighbors . 

Frequency of Synset('case.n.01'): 89  (an occurrence of something)
	 1.Example sentence: If we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact . 
	 2.Example sentence: In any case but the last , such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual ; the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining . 
	 3.Example sentence: And , in the last case , a bitter disappointment but too often meets the confiding nature '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('trace.v.01.trace')
Frequency of Synset('trace.v.01'): 13  (follow, discover, or ascertain the course of development of something)
	 1.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 2.Example sentence: All just by chance , and in a way tracing back to poor Frank , all of it , because naturally - brothers , living together - and Angie - 
	 3.Example sentence: However , it is important to trace the philosophy of the French Revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` History has this in common with every other science : that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge , except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place , and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration , the grounds upon which it is based . 

Frequency of Synset('trace.v.02'): 16  (make a mark or lines on a surface)
	 1.Example sentence: Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great , we will merely discuss it . 
	 2.Example sentence: As the time drew near for the drawing of the British American frontier by terms of the agreement of 1818 , the company suspected that the Pembina colony - its own post and Fort Daer - was on American territory . 
	 3.Example sentence: Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees , logs , and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position , which I call ' clicking ' . 
	 4.Example sentence: In their very first collages , Braque and Picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space - or to be about to do so - while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('extent.n.02.extent')
Frequency of Synset('extent.n.01'): 23  (the point or degree to which something extends)
	 1.Example sentence: Whatever projection one makes , the striking fact about congregational and parochial life is the extent to which it is a vehicle of the social identity of middle-class people . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the Negro neighborhoods and also to some extent in the mixed neighborhoods the problem may be one of identification and motivation . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a sense almost all high school and college courses could be considered as vocational to the extent that later in life the student in his vocation ( which may be a profession ) will be called upon to use some of the skills developed and the competence obtained . 
	 4.Example sentence: Whether or not it is in the industry 's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase , and the relation of this response to the increase in costs accompanying the wage increase . 

Frequency of Synset('extent.n.02'): 15  (the distance or area or volume over which something extends)
	 1.Example sentence: The displacement ( at least to a considerable extent ) of the ethical jurisprudence of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries by positivism reshaped both international law theory and doctrine . 
	 2.Example sentence: Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is more difficult with Faulkner than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge . 
	 4.Example sentence: Both the extent to which this is true and the limits of the field of perceptual skill involved should be acknowledged . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('reject.v.01.reject')
Frequency of Synset('reject.v.01'): 19  (refuse to accept or acknowledge)
	 1.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 2.Example sentence: A dear , respected friend of mine , who like myself grew up in the South and has spent many years in New England , said to me not long ago : `` I can n't forgive New England for rejecting all complicity '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Like Holmes , the American private eye rejects the social conventions of his time . 
	 4.Example sentence: One by one , these errors were discussed and one by one he rejected accepting them as errors . 

Frequency of Synset('refuse.v.02'): 36  (refuse to accept)
	 1.Example sentence: The inspector declined . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1803 Oersted returned to Copenhagen and applied for the university 's chair in physics but was rejected because he was probably considered more a philosopher than a physicist . 
	 3.Example sentence: Denny said stupidly , `` Why , you ai n't turning Angie down , are you , Mr. Skyros ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Three agreed , but four declined and were suspended . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('originate.v.01.arise')
Frequency of Synset('originate.v.01'): 65  (come into existence; take on form or shape)
	 1.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 2.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 
	 3.Example sentence: States were free to enact , within broad though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 

Frequency of Synset('arise.v.03'): 21  (rise to one's feet)
	 1.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 2.Example sentence: The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Get up , Crouch . 
	 4.Example sentence: He rose from the chair , took off his coat . 

Frequency of Synset('rise.v.01'): 26  (move upward)
	 1.Example sentence: Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet . 
	 2.Example sentence: A further regulation is that commands always go down , unaccompanied by statements , and statements always go up , unaccompanied by commands . 
	 3.Example sentence: Through the splash of the rising waters , they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon , gnashing big chunks out of the banks . 
	 4.Example sentence: The dangerous current upon the prairie ceased , but the water stood and kept on rising . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('broad.s.03.broad')
Frequency of Synset('wide.a.01'): 54  (having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other)
	 1.Example sentence: Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oldenburg 's contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town 's learned , such as the pastor , to supplement the simple teaching . 
	 3.Example sentence: His broad interest in literary , political , and philosophical movements opened many doors to him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Less assured than the tall , wide shouldered man in the lead , Cobb followed alertly , a hand on his gun butt . 

Frequency of Synset('across-the-board.s.01'): 27  (broad in scope or content; ; ; ; ; - T.G.Winner)
	 1.Example sentence: Excellent in their way , they lack the wide appeal of The Charles Men , and need not detain us here . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most others have been content to give only the most general attention to the broadest and most obvious features of the phonology when designing orthographies . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the whole they maintain much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter . 
	 4.Example sentence: That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; and perhaps of even greater significance - his music is strong 20 th Century evidence of the effectiveness of Evolution , based on a broad Traditionalism for the creative art of music . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('receive.v.01.receive')
Frequency of Synset('receive.v.01'): 127  (get something; come into possession of)
	 1.Example sentence: Of these there are surely few that would be more rewarding discoveries than Verner von Heidenstam , the Swedish poet and novelist who received the award in 1916 and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago . 
	 2.Example sentence: In this final line , we have the key to his nature . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still another , annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive , wrote : `` Yore letter was short and sweet , jist like a roasted maget '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.02'): 119  (receive a specified treatment (abstract))
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Humor found many modes of expression . 
	 3.Example sentence: A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 

Frequency of Synset('pick_up.v.09'): 19  (register (perceptual input))
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . 
	 3.Example sentence: The information is furnished by each of the guests , is sent by oral broadcasting over the air waves , and is received by the ears . 
	 4.Example sentence: Neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense organs . 

Frequency of Synset('experience.v.03'): 249  (go through (mental or physical states or experiences))
	 1.Example sentence: Even Hudson , experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was , must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames . 
	 2.Example sentence: Professor Fredrik Bo ^ o ^ k , Sweden 's foremost critic of the period , acclaims it as follows : `` In this we have the verse of a painter ; strongly colorful , plastic , racy , vivid . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 4.Example sentence: Boun My - the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky - was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.05'): 17  (express willingness to have in one's home or environs)
	 1.Example sentence: Russell had reached the house as Cook surmised , dismounted , but just as the old trapper opened the door to receive him , he fell into the trapper 's arms - dead . 
	 2.Example sentence: The total process of evangelism reaches the crescendo when the group of new members stands before the congregation to declare publicly their faith and to be received into the fellowship of the Church . 
	 3.Example sentence: The worship service is the natural and logical time to receive new members into the Church . 
	 4.Example sentence: During this period 7484268 members were received , yet the net membership now is only 9910741 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('prize.n.01.award')
Frequency of Synset('award.n.01'): 26  (a grant made by a law court)
	 1.Example sentence: In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney 's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award . 
	 2.Example sentence: In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney 's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award . 
	 3.Example sentence: Written evidence that the claimant and any such attorney have agreed to the amount of the attorney 's fees shall be conclusive upon the Commission : Provided , however , That the total amount of the fees so agreed upon does not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award . 
	 4.Example sentence: Any fee so determined shall be entered as a part of such award , and payment thereof shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury by deducting the amount thereof from the total amount paid pursuant to the award . 

Frequency of Synset('award.n.02'): 19  (a tangible symbol signifying approval or distinction)
	 1.Example sentence: Of these there are surely few that would be more rewarding discoveries than Verner von Heidenstam , the Swedish poet and novelist who received the award in 1916 and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago . 
	 2.Example sentence: He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . 
	 3.Example sentence: Bertha Szold was more like Meg , the eldest March girl , who `` learned that a woman 's happiest kingdom is home , her highest honor the art of ruling it , not as a queen , but a wise wife and mother '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: That his moods , even in his early years , are those of his people , does him honor , as his music honors those who inspired it . 

Frequency of Synset('prize.n.01'): 14  (something given for victory or superiority in a contest or competition or for winning a lottery)
	 1.Example sentence: Of these there are surely few that would be more rewarding discoveries than Verner von Heidenstam , the Swedish poet and novelist who received the award in 1916 and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago . 
	 2.Example sentence: He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oersted remodeled Ritter 's notes into an essay in French which was submitted to the Institut de France for its annual prize of 3000 francs . 
	 4.Example sentence: The sound discoveries of this quixotic genius were so diluted by those of fantasy that the prize was never awarded to him . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('following.s.01.following')
Frequency of Synset('following.s.01'): 30  (about to be mentioned or specified)
	 1.Example sentence: In the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: A Yankee sergeant gave the following description of his sweetheart : `` My girl is none of your one-horse girls . 
	 3.Example sentence: A Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of diarrhoea : `` I have bin a little sick with diorah two or three days . 
	 4.Example sentence: For instance , the following statement was rated low in compulsivity , `` She 's naturally quite neat about things , but it does n't bother her at all if her room gets messy . 

Frequency of Synset('following.s.02'): 105  (immediately following in time or order)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England . 
	 3.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 
	 4.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('present.v.02.present')
Frequency of Synset('show.v.01'): 203  (give an exhibition of to an interested audience)
	 1.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 2.Example sentence: She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: She held out her hand to show that she had money . 
	 4.Example sentence: As we stepped out into the sunlight , a man came up to John Cool and silently showed him his hand . 

Frequency of Synset('present.v.02'): 28  (bring forward and present to the mind)
	 1.Example sentence: In the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: Experience is not seen , as it is in classical rationalism , as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character , movements , and changes on the tabula rasa of an uninvolved intellect . 
	 3.Example sentence: No effort is made in the same studies to present information on regional or national demand trends in these skills or to consider whether regional or national demands for other skills might provide much better opportunities for the youth to be trained . 
	 4.Example sentence: Indeed , the apparent stiffening of the industry 's attitude in the recent steel strike has a direct explanation in terms of the model here presented . 

Frequency of Synset('stage.v.01'): 23  (perform (a play), especially on a stage)
	 1.Example sentence: This beach campground with no trees or hills presents a constant camping show with all manner of equipment in actual use . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Theatre-By-The-Sea , Matunuck , presents `` King of Hearts '' by Jean Kerr and Eleanor Brooke . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Newport Playhouse presents `` Epitaph For George Dillon '' by John Osborne and Anthony Creighton , directed by Wallace Gray . 

Frequency of Synset('present.v.04'): 16  (hand over formally)
	 1.Example sentence: In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child . 
	 2.Example sentence: A good example of the results obtainable with ultrasonic radiation is contained in papers presented by Dr. G. Baum who has explored the human eye . 
	 3.Example sentence: In January , 1958 , the Minister of the Interior announced that an election law was ready to be submitted to the King , the rumors of election dates appeared once again , first for spring of 1958 and later for the summer . 
	 4.Example sentence: Both men and women of twenty-one years of age could register and vote upon presenting proof of residence and identification . 

Frequency of Synset('present.v.05'): 14  (introduce)
	 1.Example sentence: Syllables are genuine units , but division of words and sentences into them presents great difficulties . 
	 2.Example sentence: Marketing in the new decade will be no picnic - for the sixties will present possibly the most intense competitive activity that you have experienced in the last 20 - 25 yr. . 
	 3.Example sentence: For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is - that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mary presented quite a different problem . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.08'): 23  (give as a present; make a gift of)
	 1.Example sentence: I had studied with Burns ten years before , during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me , along with the five-hundred dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was given or it was not given . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was given or it was not given . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the same time another child - this one of Shelley 's brain - was given to the world : Alastor , a poem of pervading beauty in which the reader may gaze into the still depths of a fine mind 's musings . 

Frequency of Synset('deliver.v.01'): 22  (deliver (a speech, oration, or idea))
	 1.Example sentence: Emerson - Platonist , idealist , doctrinaire - sounded a high Transcendental note in his `` Boston Hymn '' , delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : `` Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He saw himself before them delivering the speech . 
	 3.Example sentence: This was delivered in a forthright way , without coyness and over pretended interest - an admirable way with children . 
	 4.Example sentence: Booth had delivered his line . 

Frequency of Synset('introduce.v.01'): 24  (cause to come to know personally)
	 1.Example sentence: Personnel assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops , at which hundreds of school administrators , teachers , professors , and recreational leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education . 
	 2.Example sentence: Jacopo Galli introduced him into several Roman homes . 
	 3.Example sentence: The day following his intervention the palace issued a statement reassuring the citizens that `` the possibility of introducing appeals concerning the establishment of electoral lists , lists of candidates and finally the holding of the consultation itself '' would be supported by the King himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: If the content of faith is to be presented today in a form that can be `` understanded of the people '' - and this , it must not be forgotten , is one of the goals of the perennial theological task - there is no other choice but to abandon completely a mythological manner of representation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('region.n.01.region')
Frequency of Synset('region.n.01'): 72  (the extended spatial location of something)
	 1.Example sentence: It is a lonely , rather desolate region , but full of legendary and historic associations . 
	 2.Example sentence: He was born in the small Danish town of Rudkoebing on the island of Langeland in the south central part of Denmark on August 14 , 1777 . 
	 3.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: In general , religious interest seems to exist in all parts of the metropolis ; congregational membership , however , is another thing . 

Frequency of Synset('area.n.03'): 25  (a part of an animal that has a special function or is supplied by a given artery or nerve)
	 1.Example sentence: Drs. Howry and Holmes at the University of Colorado Medical School have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have obtained extremely good results . 
	 2.Example sentence: As mentioned before , bone reflects the sound energy and in Fig. 7 the portion of the spine shows as the black area in the center . 
	 3.Example sentence: Second , the upper portion permits comparison of maturity levels of an equal number of growth centers from the long , short , and round bones of the five regions . 
	 4.Example sentence: The lower portion permits comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones predominantly , since only two long bones are included in Hand and Wrist as a region . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('school.n.01.school')
Frequency of Synset('school.n.01'): 125  (an educational institution)
	 1.Example sentence: As a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary , absorbed in his fondness for nature and his visions of Sweden 's ancient glory . 
	 2.Example sentence: His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school . 
	 3.Example sentence: In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams . 
	 4.Example sentence: Typically , in a lower-middle class Jewish family , a son will be sent to an out-of-town school , if financial resources warrant it , while the daughter will attend the local college . 

Frequency of Synset('school.n.02'): 12  (a building where young people receive education)
	 1.Example sentence: An hour of bouncing , a brief stop in a village to inspect a new school or dispensary . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have 2500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools . 
	 3.Example sentence: In town after town my companion pointed out the Negro school and the White school , and in every instance the former made a better appearance ( it was newer , for one thing ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: In town after town my companion pointed out the Negro school and the White school , and in every instance the former made a better appearance ( it was newer , for one thing ) . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('like.v.02.like')
Frequency of Synset('wish.v.02'): 107  (prefer or wish to do something)
	 1.Example sentence: `` You might as well wait here while I 'm gone , so you can use my shower if you 'd like '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course , I would like to go to an out-of-town school where there are all kinds of people , but I would want lots of Jewish kids there '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk . 

Frequency of Synset('like.v.02'): 68  (find enjoyable or agreeable)
	 1.Example sentence: He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part . 
	 2.Example sentence: William R. Stillwell , an admirable Georgian whose delightful correspondence is preserved in the Georgia Department of Archives and History , liked to tease his wife in his letters . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , when there 's a job to be done , I 'm a monstrosity of grim determination , I like to think . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I like the tradition '' , a girl said . 

Frequency of Synset('like.v.03'): 18  (be fond of)
	 1.Example sentence: Oh , Katharine 's awfully nice , and pretty too , I like Katharine . 
	 2.Example sentence: A few passed along a tip for the simple reason that they liked him and wanted to give him a break . 
	 3.Example sentence: He did not like Boxell . 
	 4.Example sentence: he liked children , in a loathsome kind of way ; the two youngest in our family always had to be brought in and put through tricks for his entertainment . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('dress.v.04.dress')
Frequency of Synset('dress.v.01'): 15  (put on clothes)
	 1.Example sentence: He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Jewish working girl almost invariably works in an office - in contradistinction to gentile factory workers - and , buttressed by a respectable income , she is likely to dress better and live more expansively than the college student . 
	 3.Example sentence: She dressed and the accustomed routine restored to her a sense of normal everyday life . 
	 4.Example sentence: ( Music often sounds best to me when I can dress informally and sit in something more comfortable than a theatre seat . ) 

Frequency of Synset('dress.v.02'): 11  (provide with clothes or put clothes on)
	 1.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 2.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 3.Example sentence: In these readings , the double bass is either kept discreetly in the background , or it is dressed in clown 's attire - the musical equivalent of a bull in a china shop . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the dim underwater light they dressed and straightened up the room , and then they went across the hall to the kitchen . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('slightly.r.01.somewhat')
Frequency of Synset('slightly.r.01'): 75  (to a small degree or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 
	 2.Example sentence: Somewhat uneven in interest for an average reader , eight or ten of these are among the finest of their kind in literature . 
	 3.Example sentence: She smiled slightly . 
	 4.Example sentence: Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . 

Frequency of Synset('reasonably.r.01'): 37  (to a moderately sufficient extent or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Fairly recent '' , he remarked . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage . 
	 3.Example sentence: A Reb stationed near Petersburg informed his mother : `` I need not tell you that I dodge pretty often , for you can see that very plainly by the blots in this letter . 
	 4.Example sentence: The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('enjoy.v.01.enjoy')
Frequency of Synset('enjoy.v.01'): 55  (derive or receive pleasure from; get enjoyment from; take pleasure in)
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: Although we enjoyed our rounds of the government offices in Vientiane , with officials offering tea and pleasing conversation in French , we were getting nowhere . 
	 3.Example sentence: Crossing the 4000 - foot width of the Mekong at Champassak , on a raft with an outboard motor , we took off our dusty shirts and enjoyed a veritable ocean breeze . 
	 4.Example sentence: Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . 

Frequency of Synset('enjoy.v.02'): 15  (have benefit from)
	 1.Example sentence: Save for brief periods in garrison or winter quarters , soldiers rarely enjoyed the luxury of a writing desk or table . 
	 2.Example sentence: The oxen might as well enjoy it . 
	 3.Example sentence: The ultimate objective of American policy is to help establish a world in which there is the largest possible measure of freedom and justice and peace and material prosperity ; and in particular - since this is our special responsibility - that these conditions be enjoyed by the people of the United States . 
	 4.Example sentence: Never mind whether the Kikiyus and the Bantus enjoyed Wilsonian self-determination : the point is that in the struggle for the world that vast land mass was under the domination and influence of the West . 

Frequency of Synset('love.v.02'): 36  (get pleasure from)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Oh , I 'd love to '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Szolds , like the Marches , enjoyed and loved living together , even in troubled times ; and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . 
	 3.Example sentence: All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved . 
	 4.Example sentence: Man how I love nigger pussy ! 

Frequency of Synset('delight.v.02'): 12  (take delight in)
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; there is a struggle there , in which , if he falls , it is easy for him to rise again , there is freedom of utterance there , which draws after it no irreparable consequences on society . 
	 3.Example sentence: Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and - especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair - into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . 
	 4.Example sentence: He thought how this dainty , fragile older woman threading her way through the streets of Westminster on a day in June , enjoying the flowers in the shops , the greetings from old friends , but never really drawing a deep , passionate breath , was so like himself . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('direction.n.03.direction')
Frequency of Synset('direction.n.01'): 39  (a line leading to a place or point)
	 1.Example sentence: Probably around midnight , give or take an hour either way '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hitching his cartridge belt around , Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side . 
	 4.Example sentence: All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder . 

Frequency of Synset('direction.n.02'): 17  (the spatial relation between something and the course along which it points or moves)
	 1.Example sentence: The direction in which the arrow points shows how the maturity level of the growth center was changed at Completion from the level at Onset . 
	 2.Example sentence: Second , what is its concentration in normal circumstances and in what circumstances will this concentration depart from the normal level and in which direction ? 
	 3.Example sentence: A flash illumined the trees as a crooked bolt twigged in several directions . 
	 4.Example sentence: Check the elevation of the ground , degree and direction of slopes , drainage , rock outcrops , topsoil types and quality , as well as subsoil . 

Frequency of Synset('direction.n.03'): 12  (a general course along which something has a tendency to develop)
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: Prokofieff was guided in a consistent direction by the life of his own people - by the compass of their national ideas . 
	 3.Example sentence: Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials , and his flair for orchestrations - his brilliant Petruchka , his savage Sacre du Printemps , his incisive Les Noces - the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Prokofieff was able to adjust his creative personality to a swiftly changing world without losing his particular force and direction . 

Frequency of Synset('guidance.n.01'): 13  (something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action)
	 1.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 2.Example sentence: Unemployed older workers who have no expectation of securing employment in the occupation in which they are skilled should be able to secure counseling and retraining in an occupation with a future . 
	 3.Example sentence: School principals and guidance workers made ratings of the various neighborhoods and the research team made independent observations of houses and dwelling areas . 
	 4.Example sentence: We speculate that compulsives in the unstructured schools are under greater strain because of the lack of systemization in their school setting , but that their need to organize ( for comfort ) is so intense that they struggle to induce the phonic rules and achieve in spite of the lack of direction from the environment . 

Frequency of Synset('management.n.01'): 22  (the act of managing something)
	 1.Example sentence: Eager as he was to pursue this promising line , he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and pharmaceutical faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to `` galvanizing '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Based on our experience with clients , we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups - the market place itself , marketing methods , and marketing management . 
	 3.Example sentence: Providing good customer service requires as thorough a marketing and general management planning job as the original selling of the product . 
	 4.Example sentence: With the growing complexity of markets and intensity of competition , sales management , whether at the district , region or headquarters level , is a tough job today - and it will be tougher in the future . 

Frequency of Synset('direction.n.06'): 12  (a message describing how something is to be done)
	 1.Example sentence: When I have instructions to leave is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions that I am to leave this place , dominant stress is ordinarily on leave . 
	 2.Example sentence: When I have instructions to leave is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions that I am to leave this place , dominant stress is ordinarily on leave . 
	 3.Example sentence: When the same sequence is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions which I am to leave , dominant stress is ordinarily on instructions . 
	 4.Example sentence: When the same sequence is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions which I am to leave , dominant stress is ordinarily on instructions . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('concluding.s.01.final')
Frequency of Synset('concluding.s.01'): 46  (occurring at or forming an end or termination)
	 1.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 2.Example sentence: In this final line , we have the key to his nature . 
	 3.Example sentence: Before leaving , he took one last , lingering look at the apartment . 
	 4.Example sentence: The person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems . 

Frequency of Synset('final.s.02'): 22  (conclusive in a process or progression)
	 1.Example sentence: Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity , before its final recommendation to the appeal board , to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board . 
	 3.Example sentence: He tramped out of the Miners Rest with his hopes plummeting , and headed doggedly for the Palace Saloon , the last place of any consequence on this side of the street . 
	 4.Example sentence: The final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('better.r.01.better')
Frequency of Synset('better.r.01'): 39  (comparative of `well'; in a better or more excellent manner or more advantageously or attractively or to a greater degree etc.)
	 1.Example sentence: Few writers have better understood their deepest selves . 
	 2.Example sentence: About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , in their junior and senior years , they generally forego their athletic pursuits , presumably in the interest of better academic achievement . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is significant , too , that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . 

Frequency of Synset('well.r.01'): 77  ((often used as a combining form) in a good or proper or satisfactory manner or to a high standard (`good' is a nonstandard dialectal variant for `well'))
	 1.Example sentence: Oersted 's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: Seemingly , with an unrestricted flow of ideas , all will be well , and we are even assured that `` an idea a day will keep the sheriff away '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Grudges simply do not keep that well in a sane mind . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You talk so well , Carla '' , he went on . 

Frequency of Synset('well.r.02'): 30  (thoroughly or completely; fully; often used as a combining form; ; ; ; ; ,)
	 1.Example sentence: He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm . 
	 2.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 3.Example sentence: Jackson runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader . 
	 4.Example sentence: Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in My own Mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' . 

Frequency of Synset('well.r.03'): 16  (indicating high probability; in all likelihood)
	 1.Example sentence: Arthur Williams 's might well have been included , he felt . 
	 2.Example sentence: This we might well witness '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated . 
	 4.Example sentence: In such circumstances , it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an increase in the basic wage rate . 

Frequency of Synset('well.r.07'): 11  (to a great extent or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: Her estate had grown considerably . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is substantially higher than the figures for the American population at large - 45.6 per cent for males and 29.2 per cent for females . 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , however , the timetable of travel lags considerably behind that of the student at Harvard or Smith . 
	 4.Example sentence: The detection and study of such line spectra would add considerably to present information on interstellar gas clouds and , perhaps , planetary atmospheres . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('satisfy.v.02.satisfy')
Frequency of Synset('satisfy.v.01'): 16  (meet the requirements or expectations of)
	 1.Example sentence: Stern faced , he inspected the prisoners , satisfying himself that they were clean , well fed and comfortable within reason . 
	 2.Example sentence: The line soon lived up to its name , as local messages of moderate length could be sent for a dime and the company was quickly able to declare very liberal dividends on its capital stock . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` You always live up to your name , always like this , always making happy '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The flavor of Baltimore 's Florida Grapefruit League news ripened considerably late today when the Orioles were advised that Ron Hansen has fulfilled his obligations under the Army 's military training program and is ready for belated spring training . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.04'): 40  (fill or meet a want or need)
	 1.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 
	 2.Example sentence: The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need . 
	 3.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 4.Example sentence: The connective system , or network , is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective , and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory , a college , or a rural village . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('surface.n.04.surface')
Frequency of Synset('surface.n.01'): 89  (the outer boundary of an artifact or a material layer constituting or resembling such a boundary)
	 1.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 2.Example sentence: Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef cattle : ( 1 ) Fence-line bunks - cattle eat from one side while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by self unloading wagons ; ( 2 ) Mechanized bunks - they sit within the feed lot , are filled by a mechanical conveyor above feeding surface ; ( 3 ) Special bunks - as discussed here , they permit cattle to eat from all sides . 
	 4.Example sentence: I have used a variety of heavy-weight hand-made papers , but prefer an English make , rough surface , in 400 - pound weight . 

Frequency of Synset('surface.n.02'): 36  (the extended two-dimensional outer boundary of a three-dimensional object)
	 1.Example sentence: At the pool 's far end was the little cabana Joyce had mentioned , and on the water 's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp looking lather . 
	 2.Example sentence: Surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in 15 - and 25 - liter metallic storage dewars . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , the surface temperature gradient can produce erroneous vapor-pressure measurements for the bulk liquid helium unless precautions are taken to isolate the tube ( which passes through the surface to the vapor pressure bulb ) from the liquid helium surface . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , the surface temperature gradient can produce erroneous vapor-pressure measurements for the bulk liquid helium unless precautions are taken to isolate the tube ( which passes through the surface to the vapor pressure bulb ) from the liquid helium surface . 

Frequency of Synset('surface.n.03'): 11  (the outermost level of the land or sea)
	 1.Example sentence: In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto . 
	 2.Example sentence: For example , the importance of the Regulus 2 , , a very promising aerodynamic ship to surface missile designed to be launched by surfaced submarines , was greatly diminished by the successful acceleration of the much more advanced Polaris ballistic missile launched by submerged submarines . 
	 3.Example sentence: This shelter could be built in regions where water or rock is close to the surface , making it impractical to build an underground shelter . 
	 4.Example sentence: These are particularly suitable for regions where water or rock is close to the surface . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('book.n.02.volume')
Frequency of Synset('volume.n.01'): 25  (the amount of 3-dimensional space occupied by an object)
	 1.Example sentence: Precise pressure volume temperature measurements on corrosive gases are dependent on a sensitive yet rugged pressure transducer . 
	 2.Example sentence: The trade in a few commodities noted above was to grow in volume as a result of changes both north and south of the 49 th parallel . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the lower center rack an 8 - channel recorder indicates the percentage of carbon dioxide and nitrogen from the upper and lower lobes of one lung , the total volume of inhalation per breath , the flow of air from both lobes , and the pressure of the two lobes with respect to each other . 
	 4.Example sentence: The bond angles and distances are all within the expected limits and the volume per oxygen is about normal . 

Frequency of Synset('bulk.n.02'): 14  (the property of something that is great in magnitude)
	 1.Example sentence: For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . 
	 2.Example sentence: Are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization ; who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume , production , and distribution costs ; and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some assurance ? 
	 3.Example sentence: With greater investments in plant facilities , with automation growing , you can n't switch around , either in volume or in product design , as much as was formerly possible - or at least not as economically . 
	 4.Example sentence: It argued , inter alia , that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and du Pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity . 

Frequency of Synset('book.n.02'): 18  (physical objects consisting of a number of pages bound together)
	 1.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as `` Nameless and Immortal '' , which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language . 
	 3.Example sentence: The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Bo ^ o ^ k indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is different with his volume The Swedes and Their Chieftains ( Svenskarna och deras ho ^ vdingar ) , a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('print.v.01.publish')
Frequency of Synset('print.v.01'): 50  (put into print)
	 1.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 
	 2.Example sentence: With the first of a group of historical novels , The Charles Men ( Karolinerna ) , published in 1897 - 8 , he achieved the masterpiece of his career . 
	 3.Example sentence: In Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation ( Paris , 1813 ) under the title Recherches sur l ' identite des forces chimiques et electriques , a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists . 
	 4.Example sentence: Rather than from a first-hand study of Jewish people , his delineation of Shylock stems from a collection of Italian stories , Il Pecorone , published in 1558 , although written almost two centuries earlier . 

Frequency of Synset('publish.v.02'): 38  (prepare and issue for public distribution or sale)
	 1.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 
	 2.Example sentence: In Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation ( Paris , 1813 ) under the title Recherches sur l ' identite des forces chimiques et electriques , a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists . 
	 3.Example sentence: But it is worth pondering that very little has been published on any phase of field techniques in linguistics . 
	 4.Example sentence: assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature , both domestic and foreign , and issue bibliographical data with respect thereto ; 

Frequency of Synset('publish.v.03'): 34  (have (one's written work) issued for publication)
	 1.Example sentence: Under her father 's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience . 
	 2.Example sentence: And she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December . 
	 3.Example sentence: But both were high-spirited and vivacious , both had tempers to control , both loved languages , especially English and German , both were good teachers and wrote for publication . 
	 4.Example sentence: She wrote gay plays about the girls for family entertainments , like `` Oh , What Fun ! 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('arouse.v.01.arouse')
Frequency of Synset('arouse.v.01'): 32  (call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses))
	 1.Example sentence: It was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did Byron 's Childe Harold . 
	 2.Example sentence: Initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Helen Deutsch informed us ( The Psychology of Women , Vol. 2 , , 434 ) that in all cultures `` the term ' stepmother ' automatically evokes deprecatory implications '' , a conclusion accepted by many . 
	 4.Example sentence: The threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` gouging the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of endangering relations with customers , Congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases . 

Frequency of Synset('raise.v.07'): 17  (summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic)
	 1.Example sentence: The young poet painter reproduces the French life of the streets ; he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights , and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the unconscious liberal , but not unconscious enough , to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would be the most severe reprisal , short of declared war , that the United States could invoke against Castro . 
	 4.Example sentence: William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks , it seems to me , have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected : `` For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation ) - then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification , compounding , or magnification , or any direct assault upon the affections at all . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('experience.v.03.experience')
Frequency of Synset('experience.v.01'): 18  (go or live through)
	 1.Example sentence: Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century . 
	 2.Example sentence: While they were away Blanche came into the office every morning , running things as she had always run them for Stanley , going through the week in a dazed stupor , getting things done automatically , out of habit . 
	 3.Example sentence: The influence of Mass was less pervasive than that of the congested , slum tenements among the bawdy houses , honkytonks , and sawdust saloons of his birthplace ; he ran wild with the child gangs of the neighbourhood , and went through the normal pressure-cooker course of thieving , police dodging , and housebreaking . 
	 4.Example sentence: It had been five days too late before he learned that she 'd gone through the wedding ceremony in a semitrance of laudanum , administered by her mother . 

Frequency of Synset('know.v.05'): 25  (have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: Those ten days were like no others that Blanche had known . 
	 3.Example sentence: All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved . 
	 4.Example sentence: Marketing in the new decade will be no picnic - for the sixties will present possibly the most intense competitive activity that you have experienced in the last 20 - 25 yr. . 

Frequency of Synset('experience.v.03'): 249  (go through (mental or physical states or experiences))
	 1.Example sentence: Even Hudson , experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was , must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames . 
	 2.Example sentence: Professor Fredrik Bo ^ o ^ k , Sweden 's foremost critic of the period , acclaims it as follows : `` In this we have the verse of a painter ; strongly colorful , plastic , racy , vivid . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 4.Example sentence: Boun My - the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky - was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . 

Frequency of Synset('feel.v.01'): 150  (undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind)
	 1.Example sentence: No doubt Mrs. Meeker had snubbed him many a time and he felt no grief over her passing . 
	 2.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 4.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 

Frequency of Synset('have.v.11'): 25  (undergo)
	 1.Example sentence: One vocational instructor in a city vocational school , speaking of his course in a certain field , said he had no difficulty placing all students in jobs outside of the city . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` He 'll have no difficulty '' , I was told . 
	 3.Example sentence: There is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job . 
	 4.Example sentence: The toilet had n't had a sincere scrubbing in years and there were things written on the walls of the little boxed in place because you could n't keep the public out - entirely . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('astute.s.01.sharp')
Frequency of Synset('crisp.s.01'): 12  ((of something seen or heard) clearly defined)
	 1.Example sentence: The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Bo ^ o ^ k indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . 
	 2.Example sentence: Besides the well-known hydrogen line at 21 cm wavelength , the spectra of extraterrestrial radio sources may contain sharp lines characteristic of other atoms , ions , and small molecules . 
	 3.Example sentence: Their books found no less willing readers outside than inside the South , even while memories of the war were still sharp . 
	 4.Example sentence: He also drew precise crisp spots , which he sold to various literary and artistic journals , The New Yorker , for instance , or Esquire . 

Frequency of Synset('acute.s.03'): 11  (having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions)
	 1.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 2.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials , and his flair for orchestrations - his brilliant Petruchka , his savage Sacre du Printemps , his incisive Les Noces - the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed . 
	 4.Example sentence: economic security and cultural opportunities , incisive idioms , social fermentations for a new national ideology - a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('being.n.01.existence')
Frequency of Synset('being.n.01'): 60  (the state or fact of existing)
	 1.Example sentence: In the care-free indolence of the East he sees the last reflection of the old happy existence , and for that reason he loves it . 
	 2.Example sentence: It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum , next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence . 
	 3.Example sentence: The monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence . 
	 4.Example sentence: A significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of Prandtl numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region . 

Frequency of Synset('universe.n.01'): 54  (everything that exists anywhere)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` We 've got Father and Mother and each other , '' said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott 's Little Women ; and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; and the Szold family , as it developed , bore a striking resemblance to the Marches . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('love.v.01.love')
Frequency of Synset('love.v.01'): 42  (have a great affection or liking for)
	 1.Example sentence: In the care-free indolence of the East he sees the last reflection of the old happy existence , and for that reason he loves it . 
	 2.Example sentence: But both were high-spirited and vivacious , both had tempers to control , both loved languages , especially English and German , both were good teachers and wrote for publication . 
	 3.Example sentence: The world exploded when Fascism challenged all concepts of peace and liberty , and the outraged , freedom loving peoples of the Capitalist and Socialist worlds combined forces to stamp Fascist tyranny into cringing submission . 
	 4.Example sentence: All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved . 

Frequency of Synset('love.v.02'): 36  (get pleasure from)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Oh , I 'd love to '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Szolds , like the Marches , enjoyed and loved living together , even in troubled times ; and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . 
	 3.Example sentence: All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved . 
	 4.Example sentence: Man how I love nigger pussy ! 

Frequency of Synset('love.v.03'): 13  (be enamored or in love with)
	 1.Example sentence: Unquestionably , Blanche loved Stanley . 
	 2.Example sentence: Now the detective must save his own skin by informing on the girl he loves , who is also the real murderer . 
	 3.Example sentence: And most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one . 
	 4.Example sentence: And he can be on the way to Memphis , your Gratt Shafer can , and you discover you can stay alive and hate him and love him and want him even if it means you want him - really want him - dead . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('language.n.01.language')
Frequency of Synset('language.n.01'): 48  (a systematic means of communicating by the use of sounds or conventional symbols)
	 1.Example sentence: Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as `` Nameless and Immortal '' , which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language . 
	 2.Example sentence: But both were high-spirited and vivacious , both had tempers to control , both loved languages , especially English and German , both were good teachers and wrote for publication . 
	 3.Example sentence: The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter . 
	 4.Example sentence: The result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as typographic ' esthetics ' , which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from European languages . 

Frequency of Synset('speech.n.02'): 11  ((language) communication by word of mouth)
	 1.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 
	 2.Example sentence: But no other two phonologic systems are as difficult to disentangle as are tone and intonation in some languages . 
	 3.Example sentence: This explanation of tone difficulties , however , does not apply in all languages . 
	 4.Example sentence: Still , even in such languages tone analysis has not been as simple as one might expect . 

Frequency of Synset('lyric.n.01'): 22  (the text of a popular song or musical-comedy number)
	 1.Example sentence: When Heidegger and Sartre speak of a contrast between being and existence , they may be right , I do n't know , but their language is too philosophical for me . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the calm which follows the reading of a poem , for example , is the effect produced by the enforced quiet , by the musical quality of words and rhythm , by the sentiments or sense of the poem , by the associations with earlier readings , if it is familiar , by the boost to the self-esteem for the semi-literate , by the diversion of attention , by the sense of security in a legitimized withdrawal , by a kind license for some variety of fantasy life regarded as forbidden , or by half conscious ideas about the magical power of words ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In the calm which follows the reading of a poem , for example , is the effect produced by the enforced quiet , by the musical quality of words and rhythm , by the sentiments or sense of the poem , by the associations with earlier readings , if it is familiar , by the boost to the self-esteem for the semi-literate , by the diversion of attention , by the sense of security in a legitimized withdrawal , by a kind license for some variety of fantasy life regarded as forbidden , or by half conscious ideas about the magical power of words ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The twist lay in using Bing Crosby 's voice on the sound track while leading man Eddie Bracken mouthed the words . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('design.v.03.design')
Frequency of Synset('plan.v.03'): 50  (make or work out a plan for; devise)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you examined these trends , forecast the effects , and planned your marketing strategy to compete effectively under changing circumstances ? 
	 2.Example sentence: She would n't be wilfully planning his destruction . 
	 3.Example sentence: It can project long-range goals for itself . 
	 4.Example sentence: He seemed very pleased with himself , as though some intricate scheme was working out exactly as he had planned . 

Frequency of Synset('design.v.02'): 28  (plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you actually checked out ( not just mentally tested ) different selling approaches designed to counter the price competition problem ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Many products seem to be designed for a production economy , not for a service one . 
	 3.Example sentence: For example , the importance of the Regulus 2 , , a very promising aerodynamic ship to surface missile designed to be launched by surfaced submarines , was greatly diminished by the successful acceleration of the much more advanced Polaris ballistic missile launched by submerged submarines . 
	 4.Example sentence: Another example is the recent cancellation of the F-108 , a long range interceptor with a speed three times as great as the speed of sound , which was designed for use against manned bombers in the period of the mid 1960 's . 

Frequency of Synset('design.v.03'): 19  (create the design for; create or execute in an artistic or highly skilled manner)
	 1.Example sentence: It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum , next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence . 
	 2.Example sentence: Michelangelo hurried to Sangallo 's solitary bachelor room with his sketches , asked the architect to design a stand which would simulate the seated Madonna . 
	 3.Example sentence: She was forty-nine at this time , a lanky woman of breeding with an austere , narrow face which had the distinction of a steeple or some architecture that had been designed long ago for a stubborn sort of prayer . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Designs , plans and furnishes interiors of houses , commercial and institutional structures , hotels , clubs , ships , theaters , as well as set decorations for motion picture arts and television . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('carry_through.v.01.fulfil')
Frequency of Synset('carry_through.v.01'): 44  (put in effect)
	 1.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 
	 2.Example sentence: To carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale . 
	 3.Example sentence: This project was carried out under sponsorship of the Ballistic Missile Division of the Air Research and Development Command , U. S. Air Force , and had as its goal the investigation of the transport by diffusion of the heat energy of chemical binding . 
	 4.Example sentence: In carrying out his functions under section 2 of this Act , the Secretary may - 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.04'): 40  (fill or meet a want or need)
	 1.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 
	 2.Example sentence: The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need . 
	 3.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 4.Example sentence: The connective system , or network , is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective , and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory , a college , or a rural village . 

Frequency of Synset('satisfy.v.01'): 16  (meet the requirements or expectations of)
	 1.Example sentence: Stern faced , he inspected the prisoners , satisfying himself that they were clean , well fed and comfortable within reason . 
	 2.Example sentence: The line soon lived up to its name , as local messages of moderate length could be sent for a dime and the company was quickly able to declare very liberal dividends on its capital stock . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` You always live up to your name , always like this , always making happy '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The flavor of Baltimore 's Florida Grapefruit League news ripened considerably late today when the Orioles were advised that Ron Hansen has fulfilled his obligations under the Army 's military training program and is ready for belated spring training . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('soul.n.01.soul')
Frequency of Synset('soul.n.01'): 15  (the immaterial part of a person; the actuating cause of an individual life)
	 1.Example sentence: `` There is a spark dwells deep within my soul . 
	 2.Example sentence: Next he addressed himself to our souls . 
	 3.Example sentence: A man has 32 souls , one for each part of the body . 
	 4.Example sentence: Those souls like to wander off , and must be called back . 

Frequency of Synset('person.n.01'): 1296  (a human being)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Through a door conveniently unlocked '' , Madden supplemented . 
	 2.Example sentence: Madden 's dark face wore a meditative look . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Do n't forget , there was the hope it would pass for a natural death '' , Pauling reminded him . 
	 4.Example sentence: He scooped up the receiver and said , `` Police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` Oh yes , Mr. Benson . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('aim.n.02.aim')
Frequency of Synset('purpose.n.01'): 94  (an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions)
	 1.Example sentence: The purpose of this fourth voyage was clear . 
	 2.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: His purpose , however , was not to establish an empire , but to assert the principle of divine justice . 
	 4.Example sentence: His plan and intent were clearly charted . 

Frequency of Synset('aim.n.02'): 47  (the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable))
	 1.Example sentence: How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Each time his objective had been the same - a direct water passage from Western Europe to the Far East . 
	 4.Example sentence: Patiently , he explained what he knew about their course and their objectives . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('rock.n.01.stone')
Frequency of Synset('rock.n.01'): 22  (a lump or mass of hard consolidated mineral matter)
	 1.Example sentence: A dominant motive is the poet 's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Flowers , stones , and small creatures , living and dead . 
	 3.Example sentence: We collected `` lucky stones '' - all the creamy translucent pebbles , worn smooth and round , that we could find in the driveway . 
	 4.Example sentence: Squatting on our haunches beside the flat stone we broke them on , we were safe behind the high closed gates at the end of the drive : safe from interruption and the observation and possible amusement of the passers-by . 

Frequency of Synset('rock.n.02'): 14  (material consisting of the aggregate of minerals like those making up the Earth's crust)
	 1.Example sentence: Perhaps one bored holes in the stone with some kind of an electric gadget . 
	 2.Example sentence: Opposite every gate was a hitching post or a stone carriage step , set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse . 
	 3.Example sentence: This shelter could be built in regions where water or rock is close to the surface , making it impractical to build an underground shelter . 
	 4.Example sentence: These are particularly suitable for regions where water or rock is close to the surface . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('give.v.18.devote')
Frequency of Synset('give.v.18'): 51  (give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause)
	 1.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: While Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine , physics , and astronomy , his brother studied law . 
	 3.Example sentence: The following year he devoted to the customary `` Wanderjahr '' , traveling in Germany , France , and the Netherlands , meeting the philosophers Schelling , Fichte , and Tieck . 
	 4.Example sentence: Eager as he was to pursue this promising line , he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and pharmaceutical faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to `` galvanizing '' . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.10'): 25  (dedicate)
	 1.Example sentence: Attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches ; this style is characteristically an expression of the communal style of the middle classes . 
	 2.Example sentence: In town no one paid much attention to an occasional shot ; but on the range gunfire had a meaning . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a cold , windy day , the day after Kitti 's death , but Stanley Gilborn paid no attention to the blustery October wind . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both Negro and white , should devote far more attention . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('solution.n.02.answer')
Frequency of Synset('answer.n.01'): 43  (a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation)
	 1.Example sentence: Hudson 's reply was to accuse the mate of disloyalty . 
	 2.Example sentence: By 7 : 50 the answer was plain . 
	 3.Example sentence: His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses , employed at night by a sugar producer . 
	 4.Example sentence: In his answer thereto , he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956 , and asserted that his only claim to `` pioneering '' was in 1952 . 

Frequency of Synset('solution.n.02'): 52  (a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem)
	 1.Example sentence: This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , he continued experimenting and lecturing , publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals . 
	 3.Example sentence: For answers to such questions we must turn to the anthropologists , the biologists , the historians , the psychologists , and the sociologists . 
	 4.Example sentence: Pam found she had no answers ; had only a hope . 

Frequency of Synset('answer.n.03'): 11  (the speech act of replying to a question)
	 1.Example sentence: There was a question and answer gag that went around at that time : Q. `` Who 'll carry the Forty-second and Forty-third wards '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Alexander said , `` Answer me properly , Spencer '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` His answer '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: It was an answer that Styka understood . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('describe.v.01.describe')
Frequency of Synset('describe.v.01'): 87  (give a description of)
	 1.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 
	 2.Example sentence: This comes out in `` When the Bells Ring '' , which describes the rallying of the peasants in southern Sweden to repel an invasion by the Danes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great , we will merely discuss it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Another girl from a relatively large midwestern city described herself as `` the only Orthodox girl in town '' . 

Frequency of Synset('report.v.01'): 116  (to give an account or representation of in words)
	 1.Example sentence: Another reported that his comrades were `` in fine spirits pitching around like a blind dog in a meat house '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second reported that the dilapidated houses in Virginia `` look like the latter end of original sin and hard times '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported : `` The Yankees keep Shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink , so I will close '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now Pathet Lao propagandists were reported marching him barefoot from village to village , as evidence of evil American intervention . 

Frequency of Synset('trace.v.02'): 16  (make a mark or lines on a surface)
	 1.Example sentence: Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great , we will merely discuss it . 
	 2.Example sentence: As the time drew near for the drawing of the British American frontier by terms of the agreement of 1818 , the company suspected that the Pembina colony - its own post and Fort Daer - was on American territory . 
	 3.Example sentence: Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees , logs , and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position , which I call ' clicking ' . 
	 4.Example sentence: In their very first collages , Braque and Picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space - or to be about to do so - while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('represent.v.03.represent')
Frequency of Synset('represent.v.01'): 38  (take the place of or be parallel or equivalent to)
	 1.Example sentence: This conformity represents a desperate attempt to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment . 
	 2.Example sentence: Many of the suggested systems seem to have only the most tenuous relationship to the language structures that they purport to represent . 
	 3.Example sentence: the stress on have , which here represents have finished reading the paper , is quite strong . 
	 4.Example sentence: In Mack 's the leader at camp , but Jack is here the is of the second main declarative represents is the leader and therefore has stress . 

Frequency of Synset('typify.v.02'): 45  (express indirectly by an image, form, or model; be a symbol)
	 1.Example sentence: The Congress of Vienna is a convenient starting point because it both epitomized and symbolized what was to follow . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted 's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . 
	 3.Example sentence: In all his miscalculations , Stravinsky made the fatal historical blunder of presuming that he could transform other composers ' inspirations - representing many peoples , time periods and styles - into his own music by warping the harmony , melody , or form , to verify his own experiments . 
	 4.Example sentence: When a word represents a larger construction of which it is the only expressed part , it normally has more stress than it would have in fully expressed construction . 

Frequency of Synset('represent.v.03'): 14  (be representative or typical for)
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: A contrast of the scripture reading of , let us say , St. Augustine , John Bunyan , and Thomas Jefferson , all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment , can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression . 
	 3.Example sentence: In representing part of this new picture , I will be recounting some of my own personal experiences , reactions and judgments ; but my primary aim is to transcribe what Englishmen themselves are saying and writing and implying about the Roman and Anglican Churches and about the present religious state of England . 
	 4.Example sentence: For we have said , in effect , that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the demythologizing discussion , only one is really an alternative . 

Frequency of Synset('represent.v.04'): 11  (be a delegate or spokesperson for; represent somebody's interest or be a proxy or substitute for, as of politicians and office holders representing their constituents, or of a tenant representing other tenants in a housing dispute)
	 1.Example sentence: So we are faced with a vast network of amorphous entities perpetuating themselves in whatever manner they can , without regard to the needs of society , controlling society and forcing upon it a regime representing only the corporation 's needs for survival . 
	 2.Example sentence: The first pretrial conference - held to appoint amici curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings - took place on September 25 , 1957 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Attorney General shall assign such officers and employees of the Department of Justice as may be necessary to represent the United States as to any claims of the Government of the United States with respect to which the Commission has jurisdiction under this title . 
	 4.Example sentence: Saul Hodosh represented the owners . 

Frequency of Synset('constitute.v.01'): 215  (form or compose)
	 1.Example sentence: It was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did Byron 's Childe Harold . 
	 2.Example sentence: To get it out into the daylight 's glow Is my life 's aim both first and last , the whole . 
	 3.Example sentence: That little spark is all the wealth I know , That little spark is my life 's misery '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: That little spark is all the wealth I know , That little spark is my life 's misery '' . 

Frequency of Synset('act.v.03'): 34  (play a role or part)
	 1.Example sentence: `` The commercials have just been for money , there has n't been any real incentive for me to do them , but in Underwater Western Eye I 'd have a chance to act . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the end of work one day , the personnel man took the applicants one at a time , asked them to sit behind the receptionist 's desk and he then played the role of a number of people who might come to the receptionist with a number of queries and for a number of purposes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Somewhat to his surprise he found that one girl , whom he would never have considered for the job since she had appeared somewhat mousy and also had been in the office a relatively short time , did the most outstanding job of playing the role of receptionist , showing wit , sparkle , and aplomb . 
	 4.Example sentence: She was hired and was found to be entirely satisfactory when she played the role eight hours a day . 

Frequency of Synset('stage.v.01'): 23  (perform (a play), especially on a stage)
	 1.Example sentence: This beach campground with no trees or hills presents a constant camping show with all manner of equipment in actual use . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Theatre-By-The-Sea , Matunuck , presents `` King of Hearts '' by Jean Kerr and Eleanor Brooke . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Newport Playhouse presents `` Epitaph For George Dillon '' by John Osborne and Anthony Creighton , directed by Wallace Gray . 

Frequency of Synset('present.v.02'): 28  (bring forward and present to the mind)
	 1.Example sentence: In the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: Experience is not seen , as it is in classical rationalism , as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character , movements , and changes on the tabula rasa of an uninvolved intellect . 
	 3.Example sentence: No effort is made in the same studies to present information on regional or national demand trends in these skills or to consider whether regional or national demands for other skills might provide much better opportunities for the youth to be trained . 
	 4.Example sentence: Indeed , the apparent stiffening of the industry 's attitude in the recent steel strike has a direct explanation in terms of the model here presented . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('discontinue.v.01.cease')
Frequency of Synset('discontinue.v.01'): 82  (put an end to a state or an activity)
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 3.Example sentence: This time she stopped the rush of words herself . 
	 4.Example sentence: Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' - He stopped and looked at Thor 's body . 

Frequency of Synset('end.v.01'): 65  (have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical)
	 1.Example sentence: The first half of The Charles Men , ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709 , is more dramatically coherent than the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in My own Mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('meaning.n.01.meaning')
Frequency of Synset('meaning.n.01'): 47  (the message that is intended or expressed or signified)
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: In town no one paid much attention to an occasional shot ; but on the range gunfire had a meaning . 
	 3.Example sentence: Conrad 's words had intellectual meaning for him only . 
	 4.Example sentence: Given a theological lead , I asked what he thinks about those who find a religious significance to his plays . 

Frequency of Synset('meaning.n.02'): 32  (the idea that is intended)
	 1.Example sentence: The breakdown of classical structures of meaning in all realms of western culture has given rise to several generations of artists who have documented the disintegrative processes . 
	 2.Example sentence: The person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems . 
	 3.Example sentence: And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('drive.v.05.drive')
Frequency of Synset('drive.v.01'): 56  (operate or control a vehicle)
	 1.Example sentence: For example , suppose a man wearing a $ 200 watch , driving a 1959 Rolls Royce , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` What time is it '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: - to lunge anxiously through crowded streets to railroad stations and , at odd hours of night , drive from smaller stations to distant homes , probably through rain or , in November , something worse . 
	 3.Example sentence: Out of the church and into his big car , it tooling over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the pike ahead and after he hit college , his expansiveness , the quaint little pine board tourist courts , cabins really , with a cute naked light bulb in the ceiling ( unfrosted and naked as a streetlight , like the one on the corner where you used to play when you were a kid , where you watched the bats swooping in after the bugs , watching in between your bouts at hopscotch ) , a room complete with moths pinging the light and the few casual cockroaches cruising the walls , an insect Highway Patrol with feelers waving . 
	 4.Example sentence: So you sit in the car and listen to the air run out and listen to the rain and see the mud in front of the headlights , waiting for you , for your new spectator pumps , waiting for you to squat by yourself out there in your tight skirt , crying and afraid and trying to get that damned son-of-a-bitch tire off , because that is being an old maid too , if you happen to drive a car , it is changing the tire yourself in the night , and in the mud and the rain , hating to get out in it but afraid to stay and afraid to try to walk out for help . 

Frequency of Synset('drive.v.02'): 24  (travel or be transported in a vehicle)
	 1.Example sentence: Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls . 
	 2.Example sentence: Parents will drive on Friday night to pick up their daughters after a sorority or House Plan meeting . 
	 3.Example sentence: He left a note propped on the desk asking her to call him sometime today , and drove home . 
	 4.Example sentence: He drove , and the road wobbled , familiar scenes crept past on either side . 

Frequency of Synset('drive.v.03'): 13  (cause someone or something to move by driving)
	 1.Example sentence: Cows were kept in backyard barns , boys were hired to drive them to and from the pasture on the edge of town , and familiar to the ear , morning and evening , were the boys ' coaxing voices , the thud of hooves , and the thwack of a stick on cowhide . 
	 2.Example sentence: And it also stayed the hands of thousands of brooding incompetents who were meditating the abandonment of a sport whose frustrations were driving them to despair . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then an ambulance comes along , and they drive Praisegod Piepsam away . 
	 4.Example sentence: The heat drove the guerrillas back . 

Frequency of Synset('force.v.06'): 15  (force into or from an action or state, either physically or metaphorically)
	 1.Example sentence: Whoever was out there hiding in the brushy cover was besieging the Antler house and , having spotted his approach , was determined to drive him off before he could get into the fight . 
	 2.Example sentence: Curt managed to duck beneath the man 's flailing fist , and drove home a solid left to Jess 's mid section . 
	 3.Example sentence: Driven from the marketplace by the course of history , our hero disguises himself as a private detective . 
	 4.Example sentence: Greg slammed his throttle to the fire wall and rammed up the RPM , and the engine responded as if it had been waiting . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('continue.v.02.proceed')
Frequency of Synset('continue.v.02'): 49  (continue talking;  he continued,)
	 1.Example sentence: From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self . 
	 2.Example sentence: Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . 
	 3.Example sentence: Joyce went on , `` When we 'd finished , Lou - Mr. Thor - asked me to stay a little longer . 
	 4.Example sentence: She went on : 

Frequency of Synset('proceed.v.02'): 14  (move ahead; travel onward in time or space)
	 1.Example sentence: Without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling , which he then stained and waxed according to his taste . 
	 2.Example sentence: The destiny of Racine 's Phedre is sealed from the beginning : she will proceed into the dark . 
	 3.Example sentence: The rest continues in a straight line . 
	 4.Example sentence: Troubled , he continued along the corridor , poking his head into the next office for a careful look around . 

Frequency of Synset('go.v.02'): 107  (follow a procedure or take a course)
	 1.Example sentence: Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe - say a liberal retirement plan - and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . 
	 2.Example sentence: Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . 
	 3.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Go through his pockets , will you ? 

Frequency of Synset('proceed.v.04'): 12  (follow a certain course)
	 1.Example sentence: Because the body contains so much liquid , transmission of ultrasonic signals proceeds fairly well in muscles and blood vessels . 
	 2.Example sentence: Sonuvabitch , I can n't figure out what in hell for they went and put niggers in my squad for . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had retained his hat and his horn , and , whatever fun might still be going , he was ready to join it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Their curiosity went happily out of bounds . 

Frequency of Synset('continue.v.01'): 180  (continue a certain state, condition, or activity)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 3.Example sentence: He went on to personal bequests , a list of names largely unknown to him . 
	 4.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('custom.n.02.tradition')
Frequency of Synset('tradition.n.01'): 27  (an inherited pattern of thought or action)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I like the tradition '' , a girl said . 
	 2.Example sentence: Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated . 
	 3.Example sentence: When these fields are surveyed together , important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence , a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions , primarily literary , religious , and philosophical , but frequently including contact with the fine arts and even , to some extent , with science . 
	 4.Example sentence: They have indicated the direction but they have not been explicit enough , I believe , in pointing out Faulkner 's independence , his questioning if not indeed challenging the Southern tradition . 

Frequency of Synset('custom.n.02'): 15  (a specific practice of long standing)
	 1.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 
	 2.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 
	 3.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 4.Example sentence: By the death of his father in 1888 he had come into possession of the family estate and had re-assumed its traditions . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('spirit.n.01.spirit')
Frequency of Synset('spirit.n.01'): 44  (the vital principle or animating force within living things)
	 1.Example sentence: He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pausing in the doorway he said : `` The form of the human female , unlike her mind and her spirit , is the most challenging loveliness in all nature '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Poor where they had once been rich , humbled where they had been arrogant , having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation , the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country . 
	 4.Example sentence: He , and Mrs. Dalloway , too , had never permitted themselves the luxury of joys that dug into the bone marrow of the spirit . 

Frequency of Synset('spirit.n.02'): 63  (the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people)
	 1.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` folksy spirit '' of Protestant religious life ; in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 

Frequency of Synset('spirit.n.03'): 11  (a fundamental emotional and activating principle determining one's character)
	 1.Example sentence: In the American `` hardboiled '' detective story of the ' 20 s and ' 30 s , the spirit of the mad genius from Baker Street lives on . 
	 2.Example sentence: Of all the thousands of men who have served in the 7 th Cav , perhaps no one knows its spirit better than Lieutenant Colonel Melbourne C. Chandler . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was filled with the spirit of the Fighting Seventh . 
	 4.Example sentence: And so Mel Chandler got the spirit of Garryowen . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('erstwhile.s.01.former')
Frequency of Synset('former.a.01'): 20  (referring to the first of two things or persons mentioned (or the earlier one or ones of several))
	 1.Example sentence: Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it . 
	 2.Example sentence: The latter is not reduced to the former . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , it is important to trace the philosophy of the French Revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former . 
	 4.Example sentence: The logical scheme used to accomplish the former influences the placement of information in the dictionary file . 

Frequency of Synset('erstwhile.s.01'): 19  (belonging to some prior time)
	 1.Example sentence: He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory . 
	 2.Example sentence: An inmate , a former university professor , expounded to us , logically and clearly , that someone was pilfering his thoughts . 
	 3.Example sentence: But hear Harrison E. Salisbury , former Moscow correspondent of The New York Times , and author of `` To Moscow - And Beyond '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: a former Democratic candidate for President , a New Deal poet , the magazine 's chief editorial writer , two newspaper columnists , head of a national broadcasting company , a popular Protestant evangelist , etc. . 

Frequency of Synset('former.s.03'): 17  ((used especially of persons) of the immediate past)
	 1.Example sentence: On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . 
	 2.Example sentence: I lived in this onward driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president . 
	 4.Example sentence: No previous antitrust case , he said , had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('structure.n.01.structure')
Frequency of Synset('structure.n.01'): 25  (a thing constructed; a complex entity constructed of many parts)
	 1.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 2.Example sentence: Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . 
	 3.Example sentence: It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; it did not even provide the architect 's plan for anything new . 
	 4.Example sentence: And the more complex the morphophonemic system is in relation to the phonemic base , the less easily a phonemic system will be analysed without close attention to the morphophonemics - at least , the less satisfying will a phonemic statement be if it cannot be related through morphophonemic rules to grammatically meaningful structures . 

Frequency of Synset('structure.n.02'): 13  (the manner of construction of something and the arrangement of its parts)
	 1.Example sentence: When we `` forced '' individuals to assume the corporate structure by means of taxes and other legal statutes , we adopted what I would term `` pseudo capitalism '' and so took a major step toward socialism . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` If I have seemed to emphasize the structure of the composition , I mean to project equal concern for color . 
	 3.Example sentence: A completely new insight into living cells and their structure will be possible by use of a new technique which replaces visible light with ultraviolet radiation and combines a microscope with a color - TV system to view the results . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is important to consider and experimentally verify this influence since quantitative nuclear resonance is becoming increasingly used in investigations of structure . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('construct.v.01.build')
Frequency of Synset('construct.v.01'): 155  (make by combining materials and parts)
	 1.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
	 3.Example sentence: An acoustical interferometer has been constructed and used , with helium gas as the thermometric fluid , to measure temperatures near 4.2 and 2.1 * * f . 
	 4.Example sentence: A wall stabilized high current arc source was constructed and used to study transition probabilities of atomic hydrogen and oxygen . 

Frequency of Synset('build_up.v.02'): 11  (form or accumulate steadily)
	 1.Example sentence: They will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures . 
	 2.Example sentence: Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it . 
	 3.Example sentence: I kept saying , `` If I could just build up a reputation for myself , make some real money , get to be well known as an illustrator - like Peter Askington , for instance - then I could take some time off and paint '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then he was striding across the room , his thoughts confused but the worry building swiftly inside him as he snatched up the note . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('land.n.04.ground')
Frequency of Synset('land.n.04'): 58  (the solid part of the earth's surface)
	 1.Example sentence: North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week . 
	 2.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; it did not even provide the architect 's plan for anything new . 

Frequency of Synset('reason.n.01'): 85  (a rational motive for a belief or action)
	 1.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations . 
	 3.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hidden behind Hegelian abstractions were more practical reasons for a changing jurisprudence . 

Frequency of Synset('earth.n.02'): 23  (the loose soft material that makes up a large part of the land surface)
	 1.Example sentence: Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls . 
	 2.Example sentence: Too late , he realized that in turning , he had wheeled them onto a patch of sandy ground , instead of atop a grade or ridge . 
	 3.Example sentence: Frozen , they stared at it whirling down the valley , gouging and spitting out boulders and chunks of earth like a starving hound dog cracking marrowbones . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was nine o ' clock in the morning : the hour which , like a spade turning clods of earth , exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night . 

Frequency of Synset('footing.n.02'): 39  (a relation that provides the foundation for something)
	 1.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was observed in the introductory chapter that metropolitan life had split into two trends - expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing exclusiveness in local communal groupings . 
	 4.Example sentence: recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; 

Frequency of Synset('land.n.02'): 21  (material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use))
	 1.Example sentence: Within a few years the Scots , engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley , were joined by a group called Meurons . 
	 2.Example sentence: The high cost of land , supplies , and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis . 
	 3.Example sentence: Land within commuting distance of a growing city is usually high in price , higher if it has subdivision possibilities . 
	 4.Example sentence: Part-time farming can take comparatively little land , labor , and equipment - or a great deal . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('memory.n.01.memory')
Frequency of Synset('memory.n.01'): 21  (something that is remembered)
	 1.Example sentence: Heidenstam 's conception , on the contrary , was to revive the present by the memories of the past . 
	 2.Example sentence: Slowly the procession of warriors and statesmen passes through the snow beside the black water and into the brilliantly lighted cathedral , the shrine of so many precious memories . 
	 3.Example sentence: Would we gain by keeping alive his memory and besmirching today 's Roman Catholics by saying he had a Catholic heart ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Let his bones and his memory rest in the fifteenth century where they belong ; he is out of place in our times . 

Frequency of Synset('memory.n.02'): 14  (the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered)
	 1.Example sentence: Time is a queer thing and memory a queerer ; the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are queerest of all . 
	 2.Example sentence: Time is a queer thing and memory a queerer ; the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are queerest of all . 
	 3.Example sentence: Time is a queer thing and memory a queerer ; the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are queerest of all . 
	 4.Example sentence: The part of the mind that preserves dates and events may remonstrate , `` It could have been like that for only a little while '' ; but true memory does not count nor add : it holds fast to things that were and they are outside of time . 

Frequency of Synset('memory.n.03'): 11  (the power of retaining and recalling past experience)
	 1.Example sentence: Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory . 
	 2.Example sentence: If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ? 
	 3.Example sentence: I would propose , next , as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists , items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible . 
	 4.Example sentence: He has a wonderfully retentive memory . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('later.s.01.later')
Frequency of Synset('later.s.01'): 16  (coming at a subsequent time or stage)
	 1.Example sentence: Whether in prose or poetry , all of Heidenstam 's later work was concerned with Sweden . 
	 2.Example sentence: In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a later chapter dealing with the suburban school , I shall discuss the importance of arranging a program for the academically talented and highly gifted youth in any high school where he is found . 
	 4.Example sentence: Later abstractive and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value , but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience . 

Frequency of Synset('late.a.01'): 33  (being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the late 1700 's Beccaria and van Marum , among others , had magnetized iron by sending an electrostatic charge through it . 
	 3.Example sentence: A half hour later he got her up to go out for breakfast so the Ferraros , hearing them hurrying down the stairs , would think they were going to a late mass . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs . 

Frequency of Synset('former.s.03'): 17  ((used especially of persons) of the immediate past)
	 1.Example sentence: On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . 
	 2.Example sentence: I lived in this onward driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president . 
	 4.Example sentence: No previous antitrust case , he said , had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('concerned.a.01.concerned')
Frequency of Synset('concerned.a.01'): 15  (feeling or showing worry or solicitude)
	 1.Example sentence: Whether in prose or poetry , all of Heidenstam 's later work was concerned with Sweden . 
	 2.Example sentence: Her mother was already considerably concerned over her daughter 's future . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thomas Douglas , fifth Earl of Selkirk , a noble humanitarian Scot concerned with the plight of the crofters of his native Highlands , conceived a plan to settle them in the valley of the Red River of the North . 
	 4.Example sentence: Means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy . 

Frequency of Synset('concerned.s.02'): 13  (involved in or affected by or having a claim to or share in)
	 1.Example sentence: The fullest cooperation by and with Atomic Energy Commission , the Department of Health Education and Welfare , the Department of State , and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this Act . 
	 2.Example sentence: The industry with which this model is concerned is a basic industry , producing a substantial share of gross national product . 
	 3.Example sentence: We are concerned with aggregate demand for the industry 's product . 
	 4.Example sentence: An idea , let us say , may be roughly defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('approximately.r.01.about')
Frequency of Synset('approximately.r.01'): 62  ((of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct)
	 1.Example sentence: In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by Thayer , who could charge off one room on his expense account . 
	 2.Example sentence: About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . 
	 3.Example sentence: The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . 
	 4.Example sentence: The fast opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately * * f ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . 

Frequency of Synset('about.r.03'): 27  (in the area or vicinity)
	 1.Example sentence: The din was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around . 
	 2.Example sentence: My man , he won n't be around a little while , he just fixed me up with this stuff they took out of the Elite . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` A lot of people are so peculiar that they do n't like cats , it 's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens - and , damn it , you know very well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away ! 
	 4.Example sentence: But of course the paterollers won n't be of any help , not with everything so upset and that Yankee cavalry outfit they say is running around , God knows where '' . 

Frequency of Synset('about.r.07'): 56  ((of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but)
	 1.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 4.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('focus_on.v.01.center')
Frequency of Synset('focus_on.v.01'): 16  (center upon)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden , with his investigation centered on the fraud , said that tomorrow he would go to the Bronx bank through which Mrs. Meeker 's checks to Johnston had cleared . 
	 2.Example sentence: Though it centers around the brilliant and enigmatic figure of Charles 12 , , the true hero is not finally the king himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 
	 4.Example sentence: It could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes . 

Frequency of Synset('concentrate.v.02'): 13  (direct one's attention on something)
	 1.Example sentence: Where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention . 
	 2.Example sentence: Sometimes strong stress serves to focus an important secondary relationship . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Selective selling '' - concentrating sales on the larger accounts - has been used effectively by some manufacturers . 
	 4.Example sentence: Tenderly and rather tediously , the camera rivets on the abrupt , deep love of a pretty nurse and a uniformed teacher , complicated by nothing more than a friend they do n't want to hurt . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('figure.n.08.figure')
Frequency of Synset('figure.n.01'): 65  (a diagram or picture illustrating textual material)
	 1.Example sentence: As shown in Figure 1 , there is a connection for communication between every pair of points . 
	 2.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 3.Example sentence: In Figure 2 , the points in the network are designated by a letter accompanied by a number . 
	 4.Example sentence: In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . 

Frequency of Synset('human_body.n.01'): 57  (alternative names for the body of a human being)
	 1.Example sentence: The Rebs were , to a Massachusetts corporal , `` fighting madmen or not men at all but whiskey + gunpowder put into a human frame '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would have been unwise policy , for instance , to apply the pound of flesh characterization to the thrifty Scotchman . 
	 4.Example sentence: Yes , well , it 's a pity to spoil your girlish figure - which all those kittens would do anyway - but I think when you 've raised these we 'll just have the vet fix it so there won n't be any more . 

Frequency of Synset('digit.n.01'): 18  (one of the elements that collectively form a system of numeration)
	 1.Example sentence: Members of higher and lower social status often cluster around this nucleus , so that Protestant figures on social class give the impression of spread over all social classes ; but this is deceptive , for the core of membership is concentrated in a single social and economic stratum . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is substantially higher than the figures for the American population at large - 45.6 per cent for males and 29.2 per cent for females . 
	 3.Example sentence: The figures on the worksheet paper in front of her were jumping and waving around so badly it was all she could do to make them out clearly enough to copy them with the typewriter . 
	 4.Example sentence: Two hours of watching his serenely happy face , listening to his soft humming as he bent over his penciled figures , and Blanche had to leave . 

Frequency of Synset('figure.n.04'): 14  (a model of a bodily form (especially of a person))
	 1.Example sentence: Then he thought of those Old Testament figures on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel . 
	 2.Example sentence: Just figures out of a tribal folklore . 
	 3.Example sentence: Following the theme of Incarnation in the Gospels , the Christian artist and critic sees in the most commonplace and ordinary events `` figures '' of divine power and reality . 
	 4.Example sentence: If a human figure or wild life are to be part of the projected final picture , I try to place them in the initial sketch . 

Frequency of Synset('name.n.04'): 14  (a well-known or notable person)
	 1.Example sentence: Though it centers around the brilliant and enigmatic figure of Charles 12 , , the true hero is not finally the king himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters , of common folk even more than of major figures . 
	 3.Example sentence: Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory . 
	 4.Example sentence: While five minutes ago the place had presented a scene of easy revelry , with Gyp Carmer a prominent figure , it was now as somnolent and dull as the day before payday . 

Frequency of Synset('number.n.01'): 129  (the property possessed by a sum or total or indefinite quantity of units or individuals)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Can vacations be spaced throughout the 12 months to minimize the number of employee fill-ins ? 

Frequency of Synset('design.n.04'): 11  (a decorative or artistic work)
	 1.Example sentence: Square corner - and gate posts were an open-work pattern of cast-iron foliage ; they were topped by steeples complete in every detail : high pitched roof , pinnacle , and narrow gable . 
	 2.Example sentence: What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration , integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form ; color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; and that over all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the artist would study his work more thoroughly and move certain units in his design , often only slightly , finer pictures would result . 
	 4.Example sentence: These areas by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('book.n.01.book')
Frequency of Synset('book.n.01'): 46  (a written work or composition that has been published (printed on pages bound together))
	 1.Example sentence: Hence the title of the book , referring to the soldiers and subjects of the king ; on the fatal battlefield of Poltava , to quote from the novel , `` the wreath he twined for himself slipped down upon his people '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book , `` A Hero 's Funeral '' , written in the form of an impassioned prose poem . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; they read every book that they could borrow in the village . 
	 4.Example sentence: He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . 

Frequency of Synset('book.n.02'): 18  (physical objects consisting of a number of pages bound together)
	 1.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as `` Nameless and Immortal '' , which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language . 
	 3.Example sentence: The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Bo ^ o ^ k indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is different with his volume The Swedes and Their Chieftains ( Svenskarna och deras ho ^ vdingar ) , a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students . 

Frequency of Synset('bible.n.01'): 18  (the sacred writings of the Christian religions)
	 1.Example sentence: Hands on Bible , seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg , the wigmaker , and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading , German , and Danish in the informal curriculum . 
	 3.Example sentence: If living Jews were unavailable for study , the Bible was at hand . 
	 4.Example sentence: She would have been better off if she had stuck to her Bible . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('national.n.01.subject')
Frequency of Synset('subject.n.01'): 31  (the subject matter of a conversation or discussion)
	 1.Example sentence: Indeed , contract was the dominant legal theme of the century , the touchstone of the free society . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories , each depicting a special phase of the general subject . 
	 3.Example sentence: And she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December . 
	 4.Example sentence: New Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence , as Jefferson explained in his `` Autobiography '' : `` The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia , who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it . 

Frequency of Synset('subject.n.02'): 14  (something (a person or object or scene) selected by an artist or photographer for graphic representation)
	 1.Example sentence: And like this English master , Mason realizes his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem effortless , are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them . 
	 2.Example sentence: Out of this background of hunting and fishing , it was only natural that Roy first painted subjects he knew best : hunters in the field , fishermen in the stream , ducks and geese on the wing - almost always against a vast backdrop of weather landscape . 
	 3.Example sentence: First I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale ( approximately * * f inches ) in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values - the lightest light , the middle tone , and the darkest dark - by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns . 
	 4.Example sentence: Often , in working out-of-doors under all conditions of light and atmosphere , a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright , too dull , or too light , or too dark when viewed indoors in a mat . 

Frequency of Synset('discipline.n.01'): 34  (a branch of knowledge)
	 1.Example sentence: Also , beware of open end policies , especially in the medical field . 
	 2.Example sentence: From the town surveyor , Hans learned drawing and mathematics and , from a university student , some academic subjects . 
	 3.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 

Frequency of Synset('topic.n.02'): 40  (some situation or event that is thought about)
	 1.Example sentence: Location theorists have given these matters much consideration . 
	 2.Example sentence: Dr. Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the Century Magazine or Harper 's but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in The Messenger , `` so our readers will be benefited instead '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Under her father 's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('steal.v.02.slip')
Frequency of Synset('steal.v.02'): 12  (move stealthily)
	 1.Example sentence: Hence the title of the book , referring to the soldiers and subjects of the king ; on the fatal battlefield of Poltava , to quote from the novel , `` the wreath he twined for himself slipped down upon his people '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: A woman with a small boy slipped in between them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Those named in the Greek paper were manufacturing reasons to steal aft under pretence of some call of duty , so as to be near Spencer , watching an opportunity to communicate with him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then he slipped and went down on his hands and knees in the melting snow . 

Frequency of Synset('skid.v.04'): 22  (move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner)
	 1.Example sentence: Killpath leaned forward ; his foot slipped off the chair and he put it back again , frowning now . 
	 2.Example sentence: The first one or two roof boards ( marked `` E '' in fig. 6 ) are slipped into place across the roof beams , from outside the shelter . 
	 3.Example sentence: Mike caught the ball just as the catcher slid into the bag . 
	 4.Example sentence: All Deegan had to do was slide , fall away , but instead , he rammed into the catcher . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('down.r.01.down')
Frequency of Synset('down.r.01'): 84  (spatially or metaphorically from a higher to a lower level or position)
	 1.Example sentence: Hence the title of the book , referring to the soldiers and subjects of the king ; on the fatal battlefield of Poltava , to quote from the novel , `` the wreath he twined for himself slipped down upon his people '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The guns are fired , the hymns are sung , and the body of Charles is carried down to the vault and laid beside the tombs of his ancestors . 
	 3.Example sentence: A few yards beyond the group of men , a man 's nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green dichondra . 
	 4.Example sentence: Cobb unleashed a single powerful jab that sent Gyp reeling wildly and crashing down with a whining groan . 

Frequency of Synset('down.r.02'): 22  (away from a more central or a more northerly place)
	 1.Example sentence: Giving the other a dark look , he hauled his bronc around and trotted down off the street . 
	 2.Example sentence: On some distant farm a rooster crowed and , far down the valley , an associate answered . 
	 3.Example sentence: He went down to Mills and Bradley 's Hardware Store and bought a full set of carpenter 's tools , including a rotary power saw and several other pieces of power machinery that Mr. Mills said were essential for babbiting and doweling , whatever they were . 
	 4.Example sentence: He spread the flight out and led them across a point of land and then down the coast . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('portray.v.02.depict')
Frequency of Synset('picture.v.02'): 40  (show in, or as in, a picture)
	 1.Example sentence: As shown in Figure 1 , there is a connection for communication between every pair of points . 
	 2.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ought not an edifying Trial have made every effort to demonstrate this once and for all by showing how representative types of `` mere '' anti-Semites were drawn step by step into the program of skull bashings and gassings ? 
	 4.Example sentence: They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 . 

Frequency of Synset('describe.v.01'): 87  (give a description of)
	 1.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 
	 2.Example sentence: This comes out in `` When the Bells Ring '' , which describes the rallying of the peasants in southern Sweden to repel an invasion by the Danes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great , we will merely discuss it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Another girl from a relatively large midwestern city described herself as `` the only Orthodox girl in town '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('assortment.n.01.variety')
Frequency of Synset('assortment.n.01'): 26  (a collection containing a variety of sorts of things)
	 1.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 2.Example sentence: Even beginning students in linguistics are made familiar with an appreciable variety of consonant systems , both in their general outlines and in many specific details . 
	 3.Example sentence: How could anyone know what to do with an assortment like that ? 
	 4.Example sentence: In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct . 

Frequency of Synset('kind.n.01'): 121  (a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality)
	 1.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He was not the sort of sailor Hudson wanted his backers to see on board and he had Greene wait at Gravesend , where the Discovery picked him up . 
	 3.Example sentence: A state , the highest form of human organization in fact and theory , could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of self-will , or consent . 
	 4.Example sentence: Related to , but distinguishable from , nationalism was the growth of democracy in one form or another . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('picture.n.04.scene')
Frequency of Synset('scene.n.01'): 16  (the place where some action occurs)
	 1.Example sentence: But the scene was not the quiet , calm scene I 'd expected . 
	 2.Example sentence: But the scene was not the quiet , calm scene I 'd expected . 
	 3.Example sentence: Present at the scene - in addition to the dead man , who was indeed Louis Thor - had been Thor 's partner Bill Blake , and Antony Rose , an advertising agency executive who handled the ZING account . 
	 4.Example sentence: When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures , many salons , many dialectics , many personalities , he tried to refashion himself into a stylist of many styles , determined by many disparate cultures . 

Frequency of Synset('view.n.02'): 19  (the visual percept of a region)
	 1.Example sentence: The classical lines of the church which Napoleon thought of as a Temple of Glory , dominated all the scene where we sat . 
	 2.Example sentence: She started back for the house , saw a light in the office , opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder . 
	 3.Example sentence: He drove , and the road wobbled , familiar scenes crept past on either side . 
	 4.Example sentence: The only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that obtained from an upper bough of the apple tree . 

Frequency of Synset('picture.n.04'): 16  (a situation treated as an observable object)
	 1.Example sentence: At first glance , not much of a motive for a man of his standing ; but for all his air of affluence , who could tell what his private financial picture was ? 
	 2.Example sentence: All told , they offered a highly confused picture . 
	 3.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 4.Example sentence: We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('war.n.01.war')
Frequency of Synset('war.n.01'): 53  (the waging of armed conflict against an enemy)
	 1.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 2.Example sentence: All his people ask for is no more war . 
	 3.Example sentence: Practically all the people of Laos , he explained - about two million of them - are rice farmers , and the means and motives of modern war are as strange to them as clocks and steel plows . 
	 4.Example sentence: We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world 's giants . 

Frequency of Synset('war.n.02'): 24  (a legal state created by a declaration of war and ended by official declaration during which the international rules of war apply)
	 1.Example sentence: Near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two pups , name one of them `` fall-in '' and the other `` close-up '' , and then shoot them both , `` and that will be the end of ' fall-in ' and ' close-up '' ' . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the South , after the first year of the war , paper and ink were very poor . 
	 3.Example sentence: Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters ' sons to retain in camp Negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes . 
	 4.Example sentence: On December 9 , 1862 , Sergeant Edwin H. Fay , an unusual Louisianan who held A. B. and M. A. degrees from Harvard University and who before the war was headmaster of a private school for boys in Louisiana , wrote his wife : 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fictional_character.n.01.character')
Frequency of Synset('fictional_character.n.01'): 16  (an imaginary person represented in a work of fiction (play or film or story))
	 1.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters , of common folk even more than of major figures . 
	 3.Example sentence: After the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king degenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous . 
	 4.Example sentence: Faulkner 's low-class characters had but few counterparts in earlier Southern novels dealing with plantation life . 

Frequency of Synset('quality.n.03'): 24  (a characteristic property that defines the apparent individual nature of something)
	 1.Example sentence: For both Plato and Aristotle artistic mimesis , in contrast to the power of dialectic , is relatively incapable of expressing the character of fundamental reality . 
	 2.Example sentence: The mimetic character of the imaginative consciousness tends to express itself in the presentation of artistic forms and materials . 
	 3.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 4.Example sentence: Experience is not seen , as it is in classical rationalism , as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character , movements , and changes on the tabula rasa of an uninvolved intellect . 

Frequency of Synset('character.n.03'): 11  (the inherent complex of attributes that determines a persons moral and ethical actions and reactions; - Herbert Spencer)
	 1.Example sentence: One who invites such trials of character is either foolhardy , overconfident or too simple and childlike in faith in mankind to see the danger . 
	 2.Example sentence: But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths . 
	 3.Example sentence: And the basic character of that liberalism has been spiritual rather than economic . 
	 4.Example sentence: A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region . 

Frequency of Synset('character.n.04'): 29  (an actor's portrayal of someone in a play)
	 1.Example sentence: He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters , of common folk even more than of major figures . 
	 3.Example sentence: Her impact in the ZING commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series , Underwater Western Eye , a documentary type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits . 
	 4.Example sentence: But if Joyce got involved in murder or salacious scandal , the role would probably go to the sponsor 's wife , Mrs. Oatnut Grits . 

Frequency of Synset('character.n.05'): 11  (a person of a specified kind (usually with many eccentricities))
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: Brooklyn College is unequivocally Jewish in tone , and efforts to detribalize the college by bringing in unimpeachably midwestern types on the faculty have been unavailing . 
	 3.Example sentence: Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and - especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair - into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . 
	 4.Example sentence: He said he was the lonely type and working in a cellar you saw funny things coming out of the cracks in the wall if they was n't nobody with you . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('spectacular.s.02.spectacular')
Frequency of Synset('dramatic.s.02'): 23  (sensational in appearance or thrilling in effect)
	 1.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . 
	 4.Example sentence: Whatever projection one makes , the striking fact about congregational and parochial life is the extent to which it is a vehicle of the social identity of middle-class people . 

Frequency of Synset('outstanding.s.02'): 17  (having a quality that thrusts itself into attention)
	 1.Example sentence: While five minutes ago the place had presented a scene of easy revelry , with Gyp Carmer a prominent figure , it was now as somnolent and dull as the day before payday . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way ? 
	 3.Example sentence: What is new in the context is likely to be made more prominent than what is not . 
	 4.Example sentence: The personal pronouns and substitute one are normally unstressed because they refer to what is prominent in the immediate context . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('compound.v.02.combine')
Frequency of Synset('unite.v.03'): 14  (have or possess in combination)
	 1.Example sentence: One might say it combines the man ; own pride and humility . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Irish accent is , as one would expect , combined with slight inflections from the French . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then he might finally recognize it , apparently by combining the visual blot , actually being seen , with tactual feelings in the head or body accompanying the tracing movements . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is interesting for it combines both the thermodynamic concept of a minimum Gibbs function for equilibrium and minimum mechanical potential energy for equilibrium . 

Frequency of Synset('compound.v.02'): 15  (put or add together)
	 1.Example sentence: To carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale . 
	 2.Example sentence: We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes . 
	 3.Example sentence: - Syllables are linguistic units centering in peaks which are usually vocalic but , as has been noted , are consonantal under certain circumstances , and which may or may not be combined with preceding and / or following consonants or combinations of consonants . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` My brushes are different from those used by most watercolorists , for I combine the sable and the bristle . 

Frequency of Synset('blend.v.03'): 16  (mix together different elements)
	 1.Example sentence: He is aware that every moderately important problem merges imperceptibly into every other problem . 
	 2.Example sentence: The process of flattening seemed inexorable , and it became necessary to emphasize the surface still further in order to prevent it from fusing with the illusion . 
	 3.Example sentence: When the smaller facet-planes of Analytical Cubism were placed upon or juxtaposed with the large , dense shapes formed by the affixed materials of the collage , they had to coalesce - become `` synthesized '' - into larger planar shapes themselves simply in order to maintain the integrity of the picture plane . 
	 4.Example sentence: Anger and fear fused in John . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hint.v.01.suggest')
Frequency of Synset('propose.v.01'): 84  (make a proposal, declare a plan for something)
	 1.Example sentence: She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long sought waterway . 
	 3.Example sentence: In his report to the Attorney General , the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Take one side of the street , and I 'll take the other '' , he proposed . 

Frequency of Synset('hint.v.01'): 21  (drop a hint; intimate by a hint)
	 1.Example sentence: His peculiar gift , as had been suggested before , is his intensity . 
	 2.Example sentence: Still another suggested that he would join a temple `` for social reasons , since I 'll be living in a suburb '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: In sentences , patterns of stress are determined by complex combinations of influences that can only be suggested here . 
	 4.Example sentence: Another , more interesting explanation , is hinted at by Watson when he observes on several occasions that Holmes would have made a magnificent criminal . 

Frequency of Synset('suggest.v.03'): 20  (imply as a possibility)
	 1.Example sentence: Tone systems are certainly more complex than the number of units would suggest , and often analytically more difficult than much larger consonantal systems . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second explanation is suggested by the material described in Rowlands ' paper . 
	 3.Example sentence: A third explanation is suggested by Richardson 's analysis of Sukuma tone . 
	 4.Example sentence: We must avoid the notion , suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned , that ideas are `` units '' in some way comparable to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even , for that matter , from one individual to another . 

Frequency of Synset('indicate.v.05'): 18  (suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine)
	 1.Example sentence: Solutions frequently suggest themselves when you accurately pinpoint your problems , whether they be in the market , in marketing methods or in marketing management . 
	 2.Example sentence: When these had been pocketed , we could still spend a morning cracking open other pebbles for our delight in seeing how much prettier they were inside than their dull exteriors indicated . 
	 3.Example sentence: This suggests that the sampling period , particularly at the more distant locations , should have been increased . 
	 4.Example sentence: Alphonse R . Hoge 's measurements of several very young specimens from Brazil suggest that at birth the female is slightly larger than the male . 

Frequency of Synset('suggest.v.05'): 13  (call to mind)
	 1.Example sentence: In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . 
	 2.Example sentence: The calmness and detachment of his tone suggested unawareness of how implicit was his own guilt in the words he had used to defend Cromwell . 
	 3.Example sentence: his quill drawings had a scratchiness , suggesting skin texture ; the clay he used plastically to suggest soft moving flesh , as in an abdomen , in a reclining torso ; the wax he smoothed over to give the body surface an elastic pull . 
	 4.Example sentence: Planes defined as parallel to the surface also cut through it into real space , and a depth is suggested optically which is greater than that established pictorially . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fantastic.s.02.tremendous')
Frequency of Synset('enormous.s.01'): 12  (extraordinarily large in size or extent or amount or power or degree; ; ; ; - Walter Lippman)
	 1.Example sentence: That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; and perhaps of even greater significance - his music is strong 20 th Century evidence of the effectiveness of Evolution , based on a broad Traditionalism for the creative art of music . 
	 2.Example sentence: The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Yet the highly anxious child suffered a tremendous disadvantage only in the unstructured school , and performed as well or better than average in the structured setting . 
	 4.Example sentence: It argued , inter alia , that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and du Pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity . 

Frequency of Synset('fantastic.s.02'): 12  (extraordinarily good or great ; used especially as intensifiers)
	 1.Example sentence: The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters , of common folk even more than of major figures . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling . 
	 4.Example sentence: With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host 's fertile but disorganized mind . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('scope.n.01.range')
Frequency of Synset('scope.n.01'): 64  (an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control:)
	 1.Example sentence: National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . 
	 2.Example sentence: In scope and power it can only be compared to Tolstoy 's War and Peace . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters , of common folk even more than of major figures . 
	 4.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 

Frequency of Synset('range.n.02'): 14  (the limits within which something can be effective)
	 1.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 2.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 3.Example sentence: Another example is the recent cancellation of the F-108 , a long range interceptor with a speed three times as great as the speed of sound , which was designed for use against manned bombers in the period of the mid 1960 's . 
	 4.Example sentence: Notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and deployed , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('assert.v.03.assert')
Frequency of Synset('assert.v.01'): 28  (state categorically)
	 1.Example sentence: The Court 's opinion dogmatically asserts that the husband wife conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship , and that hence the doctrine `` enthrone [ s ] an unreality into a rule of law '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: This he failed to do , asserting that he did not know it to be in his file . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still another boy asserted : `` To be a good Jew is to do no wrong ; it 's to be a good person '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: When we assert the value of such study , we find ourselves committed to an important assumption . 

Frequency of Synset('affirm.v.02'): 13  (to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true)
	 1.Example sentence: In his answer thereto , he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956 , and asserted that his only claim to `` pioneering '' was in 1952 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Even now no such claim is asserted . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Poetics , in affirming that all human arts are `` modes of imitation '' , gives a more serious role to artistic mimesis than did Plato . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1930 , the Lambeth Conference again affirmed the primary purpose of marriage to be the procreation of children , but conceded that , in certain limited circumstances , contraception might be morally legitimate . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('deity.n.01.god')
Frequency of Synset('god.n.01'): 89  (the supernatural being conceived as the perfect and omnipotent and omniscient originator and ruler of the universe; the object of worship in monotheistic religions)
	 1.Example sentence: Another Yankee became so disgusted as to state : `` I wish to God one half of our officers were knocked in the head by slinging them against [ the other half ] '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Another teen-ager remarked : `` Most Jews do n't believe in God , but they believe in people - in helping people '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oh , God , the name repeated over and over , anybody to hear - Not being a fool , Mr. Skyros knew why . 
	 4.Example sentence: Lincoln understood this better than most when he said in his `` Second Inaugural '' that God `` gives to both North and South this terrible war , as the woe due to those by whom the offense came '' . 

Frequency of Synset('deity.n.01'): 20  (any supernatural being worshipped as controlling some part of the world or some aspect of life or who is the personification of a force)
	 1.Example sentence: Each aspired to be a god in human form , but with each it was a different kind of god . 
	 2.Example sentence: Each aspired to be a god in human form , but with each it was a different kind of god . 
	 3.Example sentence: A third remarked of slowness of Southerners : `` They moved about from corner to corner , as uneasy as a litter of hungry leaches on the neck of a wooden god '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now a distinguished old man called on nine divinities to come and join us . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('end.v.01.end')
Frequency of Synset('end.v.01'): 65  (have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical)
	 1.Example sentence: The first half of The Charles Men , ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709 , is more dramatically coherent than the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in My own Mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 

Frequency of Synset('end.v.02'): 36  (bring to an end or halt)
	 1.Example sentence: Adverbial second complements , however , are likely not to have dominant stress when they terminate sentences . 
	 2.Example sentence: Does our society have a runaway , uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization , or a normal , healthy growth ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In addition , the right to vote the General Motors stock held by du Pont was to be vested in du Pont 's stockholders , other than Christiana and Delaware and the stockholders of Delaware ; du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be enjoined from acquiring stock in or exercising control over General Motors ; du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be prohibited to have any director or officer in common with General Motors , and vice versa ; and General Motors and du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies . 
	 4.Example sentence: Text reading is terminated when a pre-determined number of forms have been stored in the text form list . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('battle.n.01.battle')
Frequency of Synset('battle.n.01'): 18  (a hostile meeting of opposing military forces in the course of a war)
	 1.Example sentence: The first half of The Charles Men , ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709 , is more dramatically coherent than the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus at the same time that William Henry Harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe , Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier . 

Frequency of Synset('struggle.n.01'): 18  (an energetic attempt to achieve something)
	 1.Example sentence: So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; there is a struggle there , in which , if he falls , it is easy for him to rise again , there is freedom of utterance there , which draws after it no irreparable consequences on society . 
	 2.Example sentence: The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: I asked about the battle between life and death in his plays . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('beginning.n.03.beginning')
Frequency of Synset('beginning.n.01'): 17  (the event consisting of the start of something)
	 1.Example sentence: Shortly after the beginning of Sherman 's Georgia campaign , an ailing Yank wrote his homefolk : `` The surgeon insisted on Sending me to the hospital for treatment . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Secretary shall make reports to the President and the Congress at the beginning of each regular session of the action taken or instituted by him under the provisions of this Act and of prospective action during the ensuing year . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of what new course could it mark the beginning ? 
	 4.Example sentence: It would take the chill from the shelter in the beginning . 

Frequency of Synset('beginning.n.02'): 13  (the time at which something is supposed to begin)
	 1.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 2.Example sentence: But with the renewal of interference in 1954 ( as with its beginning in 1835 ) , the improvement was impaired . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is true that New England , more than any other section , was dedicated to education from the start . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the outset , the Government 's spokesman explained that counsel for the Government and for du Pont had already held preliminary discussions with a view to arriving at a relief plan that both sides could recommend to the court . 

Frequency of Synset('beginning.n.04'): 49  (the place where something begins, where it springs into being)
	 1.Example sentence: Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . 
	 2.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 3.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light diatomic hydrides OH and CH ; somewhat less likely sources are the heavier hydrides SH , SiH , and ScH . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('reaction.n.02.reaction')
Frequency of Synset('chemical_reaction.n.01'): 38  ((chemistry) a process in which one or more substances are changed into others)
	 1.Example sentence: This latter reaction is in accord with the reported decomposition of **f . 
	 2.Example sentence: The small reaction occurring at 337 ` C is probably caused by decomposition of occluded nitrates , and perhaps by a small amount of some hydrous material other than **f . 
	 3.Example sentence: Despite extensive attempts to obtain highly pure reagents , serious difficulty was experienced in obtaining reproducible rates of reaction . 
	 4.Example sentence: The rate of the gas phase exchange reaction appears to be proportional to the first power of the absorbed light intensity indicating that the radical intermediates are removed at the walls or by reaction with an impurity rather than by bimolecular radical combination reactions . 

Frequency of Synset('reaction.n.03'): 18  (a bodily process occurring due to the effect of some antecedent stimulus or agent)
	 1.Example sentence: Neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense organs . 
	 2.Example sentence: And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive - the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response . 
	 3.Example sentence: They began to describe in detail the woman 's capacity for response . 
	 4.Example sentence: He bellowed orders and watched the alert response of some of his men and watched , too , the way a dozen or more turned their heads questioningly toward the shackled figure as though for further instruction . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('recover.v.01.regain')
Frequency of Synset('recover.v.01'): 23  (get or find back; recover the use of)
	 1.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual re-living of experience , in which the imagining person recovers through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself . 
	 3.Example sentence: When he regained consciousness he was in Lord 's house , in the office of Doctor Lord , the deputy 's deceased father . 
	 4.Example sentence: This approach requires that : ( 1 ) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries , and ( 2 ) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be synthesized into a description of the particular word . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.03'): 80  (come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost)
	 1.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 2.Example sentence: Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he had n't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he had n't found it . 
	 3.Example sentence: In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this changed world , Prokofieff settled to find himself , and to create for large national purpose . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('escape.v.01.escape')
Frequency of Synset('escape.v.01'): 18  (run away from confinement)
	 1.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` You got away , did n't you '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Blood gushed from his nose , and he backed off as rapidly as he could , stumbling over his own feet in his frantic haste to get away from Curt 's fists . 
	 4.Example sentence: But they could turn and escape to the east . 

Frequency of Synset('scat.v.01'): 13  (flee; take to one's heels; cut and run)
	 1.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: We got to one house where there were five secessionist they brok + run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them . 
	 3.Example sentence: I was loaded with suds when I ran away , and I have n't had a chance to wash it off . 
	 4.Example sentence: He wanted to know if my father had beaten me or my mother had run away from home to give me an unhappy childhood . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('yet.r.01.yet')
Frequency of Synset('yet.r.01'): 21  (up to the present time)
	 1.Example sentence: But he plunges into yet another , this time with Norway , and is killed in an assault on the fortress of Fredrikshall , being only thirty-six years of age when he died . 
	 2.Example sentence: Yet , after Rousseau had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the General Will , the same philosophy , it may be said , became the idea source of the French Revolution also . 
	 3.Example sentence: And yet - a year to a child is an eternity , and in the memory that phase of one 's being - a certain mental landscape - will seem to have endured without beginning and without end . 
	 4.Example sentence: But it is true that the therapist can sense , when he hears this stereotype , that there are at this moment many emotional determinants at work in it , a blurred babel of indistinct voices which have yet to become clearly delineated from one another . 

Frequency of Synset('so_far.r.01'): 13  (used in negative statement to describe a situation that has existed up to this point or up to the present time)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Ca n't say yet . 
	 2.Example sentence: Success in observing these spectral lines has so far , apparently , been confined to the laboratory ; extraterrestrial observations have yet to be reported . 
	 3.Example sentence: Success in observing these spectral lines has so far , apparently , been confined to the laboratory ; extraterrestrial observations have yet to be reported . 
	 4.Example sentence: To be Katharine Ross , and work in a nicer shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes , and learn ladies ' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with foreign sounding names , the ones went to the same church and - Different place , different job , different people , she 'd be all different too . 

Frequency of Synset('even.r.03'): 37  (to a greater degree or extent; used with comparisons)
	 1.Example sentence: Still another , annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive , wrote : `` Yore letter was short and sweet , jist like a roasted maget '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: When it was followed by a second , whining even closer , Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still another boy asserted : `` To be a good Jew is to do no wrong ; it 's to be a good person '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Still another suggested that he would join a temple `` for social reasons , since I 'll be living in a suburb '' . 

Frequency of Synset('however.r.01'): 205  (despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession))
	 1.Example sentence: Even so , Madden 's dislike of the suave , correct lawyer deepened . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , he made a mental note to look into Garth 's financial background . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , the sovereign was not Hobbes ' absolute monarch but rather the parliamentary sovereign of Austin . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , he continued experimenting and lecturing , publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('suddenly.r.01.suddenly')
Frequency of Synset('suddenly.r.01'): 26  (happening unexpectedly)
	 1.Example sentence: Then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling . 
	 2.Example sentence: But suddenly those hot honey eyes seemed to have everything but swarms of bees in them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Suddenly it seemed to him insane that they might hope to locate Gyp Carmer so casually , even were he to prove the thief . 
	 4.Example sentence: But at this the one too-large cat suddenly became two cats , stretching . 

Frequency of Synset('abruptly.r.01'): 42  (quickly and without warning)
	 1.Example sentence: Heading for the batwings , Cobb glanced perfunctorily through the nearest window , and suddenly dodged aside . 
	 2.Example sentence: Stevens was grunting over the last empty pocket when Russ abruptly rose and lunged toward Carmer 's hat , which had tumbled half-a-dozen feet away when he first fell . 
	 3.Example sentence: The opening action is obtained when a capacitor , charged to high voltage , is suddenly discharged through the foil . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` What is this '' ? she asked , turning suddenly . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('impression.n.01.feeling')
Frequency of Synset('feeling.n.01'): 46  (the experiencing of affective and emotional states)
	 1.Example sentence: Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19 th century America , these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling . 
	 2.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 3.Example sentence: His feeling always exacted sacrifices from her . 
	 4.Example sentence: Probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security . 

Frequency of Synset('impression.n.01'): 57  (a vague idea in which some confidence is placed)
	 1.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling . 
	 3.Example sentence: Demagogues of this sort found communist bogeys lurking behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped notions . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hence , the only defensible procedure is to repress any and every notion , unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe . 

Frequency of Synset('spirit.n.02'): 63  (the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people)
	 1.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` folksy spirit '' of Protestant religious life ; in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('best.a.01.best')
Frequency of Synset('best.a.01'): 89  ((superlative of `good') having the most positive qualities)
	 1.Example sentence: From being a hated tyrant and madman he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of Sweden . 
	 2.Example sentence: When you see them again give them my love - not best respects now , but love by God '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A. M. A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you did n't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you did n't bathe . 
	 4.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 

Frequency of Synset('good.a.01'): 165  (having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified)
	 1.Example sentence: Philip Staffe , the ship 's carpenter , was a good worker , but perversely independent . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1610 , Hudson was probably in his early forties , a good navigator , a stubborn voyager , but otherwise fatally unsuited to his chosen profession . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Better stay in the hotel lobby , where the walls looked good and thick . 

Frequency of Synset('full.s.06'): 19  (having the normally expected amount)
	 1.Example sentence: Otherwise , you may be saddled with a good size milk bill by milk drinkers . 
	 2.Example sentence: There had been a good second or two during which my muffler had been blowing out , and now I was certain I 'd seen her somewhere before . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board . 
	 4.Example sentence: The front windows of the place were long and narrow , reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior . 

Frequency of Synset('good.a.03'): 11  (morally admirable)
	 1.Example sentence: If he is good , he may not be legal ; if he is legal , he may not be good . 
	 2.Example sentence: If he is good , he may not be legal ; if he is legal , he may not be good . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I 'm a good Baptist , and drinking & & & '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Good man , Styka '' . 

Frequency of Synset('estimable.s.02'): 13  (deserving of esteem and respect)
	 1.Example sentence: Still another boy asserted : `` To be a good Jew is to do no wrong ; it 's to be a good person '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: When asked how this was different from being a good Protestant , the boy answered , `` It 's the same thing '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 4.Example sentence: It ignores the sordid financial aspects ( quite conveniently , too , for his audience , who could indulge in moral indignation without visible , or even conscious , discomfort , their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage ) . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('history.n.04.history')
Frequency of Synset('history.n.01'): 48  (the aggregate of past events)
	 1.Example sentence: Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century . 
	 2.Example sentence: April 10 marked a memorable date in New York 's musical history - indeed in the musical history of the entire eastern United States . 
	 3.Example sentence: April 10 marked a memorable date in New York 's musical history - indeed in the musical history of the entire eastern United States . 
	 4.Example sentence: Indeed , in some periods of our history and in some neighborhoods the job opportunities have been so good that undoubtedly a great many boys who were potential members of the professions quit school at an early age and went to work . 

Frequency of Synset('history.n.02'): 37  (a record or narrative description of past events)
	 1.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 3.Example sentence: He gives us an account of this in his lively and humorous poem , `` The Happy Artists '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is different with his volume The Swedes and Their Chieftains ( Svenskarna och deras ho ^ vdingar ) , a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students . 

Frequency of Synset('history.n.03'): 16  (the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings)
	 1.Example sentence: His earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` You must have been good at history at school . 
	 3.Example sentence: I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to N. V. Peale ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( Francis Thompson 's words for the Hound of Heaven 's pursuit ) by judicial fiat . 
	 4.Example sentence: Let us quote once more from R. G. Collingwood : `` History is properly concerned with the actions of human beings . 

Frequency of Synset('history.n.04'): 13  (the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future)
	 1.Example sentence: From being a hated tyrant and madman he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of Sweden . 
	 2.Example sentence: Admirably written , it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries . 
	 3.Example sentence: Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and - especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair - into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . 
	 4.Example sentence: The last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('uncover.v.01.bring_out')
Frequency of Synset('uncover.v.01'): 37  (make visible)
	 1.Example sentence: This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book , `` A Hero 's Funeral '' , written in the form of an impassioned prose poem . 
	 2.Example sentence: Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19 th century America , these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling . 
	 3.Example sentence: Its contents are another matter , for they reveal the kinds of interests pursued by the congregation . 
	 4.Example sentence: A glance revealed that the main topgallant mast had been carried away . 

Frequency of Synset('publish.v.02'): 38  (prepare and issue for public distribution or sale)
	 1.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 
	 2.Example sentence: In Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation ( Paris , 1813 ) under the title Recherches sur l ' identite des forces chimiques et electriques , a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists . 
	 3.Example sentence: But it is worth pondering that very little has been published on any phase of field techniques in linguistics . 
	 4.Example sentence: assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature , both domestic and foreign , and issue bibliographical data with respect thereto ; 

Frequency of Synset('unwrap.v.02'): 48  (make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret)
	 1.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 2.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 3.Example sentence: He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld ; nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose . 
	 4.Example sentence: And when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face , not letting on he had been there with Alberto . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('write.v.01.write')
Frequency of Synset('write.v.01'): 115  (produce a literary work)
	 1.Example sentence: This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book , `` A Hero 's Funeral '' , written in the form of an impassioned prose poem . 
	 2.Example sentence: Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory . 
	 3.Example sentence: Admirably written , it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries . 
	 4.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 

Frequency of Synset('write.v.02'): 94  (communicate or express by writing)
	 1.Example sentence: From Go ^ ttingen ( 1801 ) where he stayed for 10 days , he wrote , `` The first question asked everywhere is about galvanism . 
	 2.Example sentence: In May , 1803 , Ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy . 
	 3.Example sentence: A third wrote that it was `` raining like poring peas on a rawhide '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One wrote : `` [ I am so hungry ] I could eat a rider off his horse + snap at the stirups '' . 

Frequency of Synset('publish.v.03'): 34  (have (one's written work) issued for publication)
	 1.Example sentence: Under her father 's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience . 
	 2.Example sentence: And she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December . 
	 3.Example sentence: But both were high-spirited and vivacious , both had tempers to control , both loved languages , especially English and German , both were good teachers and wrote for publication . 
	 4.Example sentence: She wrote gay plays about the girls for family entertainments , like `` Oh , What Fun ! 

Frequency of Synset('write.v.04'): 15  (communicate (with) in writing)
	 1.Example sentence: And just as `` Laurie '' Lawrence was first attracted to bright Jo March , who found him immature by her high standards , and then had to content himself with her younger sister Amy , so Joe Jastrow , who had also been writing Henrietta before he came to Johns Hopkins , had to content himself with her younger sister , pretty Rachel . 
	 2.Example sentence: Just the same , the old woman said , she would write to her nephew in his boxcar and tell him she had met a nice man from his adopted country . 
	 3.Example sentence: She wrote again and now , abandoning for the moment the theme of love , she asked for help in the matter of her career . 
	 4.Example sentence: With a pardonable irony Shelley wrote to the father who had publicly disowned his daughter : 

Frequency of Synset('compose.v.02'): 14  (write music)
	 1.Example sentence: This is precisely what makes lucid , straightforward music so difficult to compose - the clarity must be new , not old '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: When Prokofieff forged his new clarity of `` lucid , straightforward music , so difficult to compose '' , he shaped his talents to his purpose . 
	 3.Example sentence: Meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty protagonist ; a maladroit reharmonization of our National Anthem ( The Star-Spangled Banner ) ; a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto ; a circus polka for elephants ; his hopes that the tunes from his old music might be used for popular American commercial songs ! 
	 4.Example sentence: Everett Miller , then assistant director for the Garrick Gaieties , a Theatre Guild production , needed a lyricist for a song he had written ; he just happened not to need any actor at the moment , however . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fire.v.02.fire')
Frequency of Synset('open_fire.v.01'): 23  (start firing a weapon)
	 1.Example sentence: It was not even certain the shot had been fired from either hotel . 
	 2.Example sentence: O ' Banion drew his guns and fired at Dave , severely wounding him in the stomach . 
	 3.Example sentence: His followers shouted the old battle cry after him and charged the hill , firing as they ran . 
	 4.Example sentence: He pulled out his pistol and fired it . 

Frequency of Synset('fire.v.02'): 11  (cause to go off)
	 1.Example sentence: The guns are fired , the hymns are sung , and the body of Charles is carried down to the vault and laid beside the tombs of his ancestors . 
	 2.Example sentence: The American firearms and ammunition manufacturers through diligent research and technical development have replaced the muzzle loader and slow firing single shot arms with modern fast firing autoloaders , extremely accurate bolt , lever , and slide action firearms . 
	 3.Example sentence: The American firearms and ammunition manufacturers through diligent research and technical development have replaced the muzzle loader and slow firing single shot arms with modern fast firing autoloaders , extremely accurate bolt , lever , and slide action firearms . 
	 4.Example sentence: We knew the enemy was subdued , because a flare was fired as the signal . 

Frequency of Synset('arouse.v.01'): 32  (call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses))
	 1.Example sentence: It was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did Byron 's Childe Harold . 
	 2.Example sentence: Initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Helen Deutsch informed us ( The Psychology of Women , Vol. 2 , , 434 ) that in all cultures `` the term ' stepmother ' automatically evokes deprecatory implications '' , a conclusion accepted by many . 
	 4.Example sentence: The threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` gouging the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of endangering relations with customers , Congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases . 

Frequency of Synset('burn.v.01'): 12  (destroy by fire)
	 1.Example sentence: This was fortunate , as the Vail plant burned in 1905 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Burial had taken place at night in the ground at the public crossroads under the gibbet , so that his enemies could not find his body and have it dug up and burned . 
	 3.Example sentence: During the following week , six tons of hay belonging to one rancher were burned ; some buildings , farm tools , two horses , plows , and hay owned by Bonito Lavato , a friendly interpreter for the company , and Pedro Chavez ' hay were stolen or destroyed ; and a store was broken into and robbed . 
	 4.Example sentence: The posse then asked that he send out the women and children as the building would be fired or torn down over his head if necessary to take him dead or alive . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sing.v.01.sing')
Frequency of Synset('sing.v.01'): 43  (deliver by singing)
	 1.Example sentence: The guns are fired , the hymns are sung , and the body of Charles is carried down to the vault and laid beside the tombs of his ancestors . 
	 2.Example sentence: He was also at the same time gaining practical experience as a safe breaker and highwayman , and learning how to shoot to kill from a Neanderthal convicted murderer named Gene Geary , later committed to Chester Asylum as a homicidal maniac , but whose eyes misted with tears when the young Dion sang a ballad about an Irish mother in his clear and syrupy tenor . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the tune to which this hymn is most often sung , `` Boylston '' , the syllables have and fy , ending their lines , have twice the time any other syllables have . 
	 4.Example sentence: And when the singing began , it was the Gouldings who sang the old Irish songs the best . 

Frequency of Synset('sing.v.02'): 35  (produce tones with the voice)
	 1.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 2.Example sentence: For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the tune to which this hymn is most often sung , `` Boylston '' , the syllables have and fy , ending their lines , have twice the time any other syllables have . 
	 4.Example sentence: Though there was an occasional good-natured chuckle about Marvin Goulding , the Jewish officer from Chicago , singing tearfully about the ould sod , no one really thought it was strange . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('lay.v.02.lay')
Frequency of Synset('put.v.01'): 310  (put into a certain place or abstract location)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: Put a dollar and cents limit on benefits . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 4.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 

Frequency of Synset('lay.v.02'): 13  (put in a horizontal position)
	 1.Example sentence: The guns are fired , the hymns are sung , and the body of Charles is carried down to the vault and laid beside the tombs of his ancestors . 
	 2.Example sentence: Perhaps after the soldiers had laid him on the ground , while Joseph of Arimathea was at Pontius Pilate 's asking for Christ 's body , Nicodemus was gathering his mixture of myrrh and aloes , and the others had gone home to mourn . 
	 3.Example sentence: Already his cool body lay in the ground . 
	 4.Example sentence: In it was a stone Tibetan Buddha I had picked up in Bombay , and occasionally , to make merit , my wife and I garlanded it with flowers or laid a few pennies in its lap . 

Frequency of Synset('lie.v.01'): 70  (be located or situated somewhere; occupy a certain position)
	 1.Example sentence: A newspaper open at stock-market reports lay on one of them . 
	 2.Example sentence: A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . 
	 3.Example sentence: Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . 
	 4.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 

Frequency of Synset('lie.v.02'): 48  (be lying, be prostrate; be in a horizontal position)
	 1.Example sentence: A few yards beyond the group of men , a man 's nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green dichondra . 
	 2.Example sentence: He had never heard so many bells , and as he lay there listening , he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps . 
	 3.Example sentence: The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain . 
	 4.Example sentence: Kitti would lie in it no more . 

Frequency of Synset('dwell.v.02'): 22  (originate (in))
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not in Eichmann 's anti-Semitism but in the anti-Semitism of the sober German man of affairs lay the potential warning of the Trial . 
	 3.Example sentence: Or , equally often , a concretistic seeming , particularistic seeming statement may consist , with its mundane exterior , in a form of poetry - may be full of meaning and emotion when interpreted as a figurative expression : a metaphor , a simile , an allegory , or some other symbolic mode of speaking . 
	 4.Example sentence: Perhaps a clue to these and related problems lies in the fact that changes in the intensity of hypothalamic discharges which are associated with changes in its balance lead also to qualitative alterations in reactivity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('intend.v.02.intend')
Frequency of Synset('intend.v.01'): 57  (have in mind as a purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I do n't mean to pry , but do they hide the swimsuit with the bubbles ? 
	 3.Example sentence: I showed her the shower and tub , and she said , smiling , `` If you really do n't mind , I think I 'll get clean in the shower , then soak for a few minutes in your tub . 
	 4.Example sentence: I intend to include under the term all the practical courses open to boys and girls . 

Frequency of Synset('mean.v.01'): 95  (mean or intend to express or convey)
	 1.Example sentence: I mean , surely we 've - '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I mean : Is advertising honest ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Did , I mean '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: I mean , we all figured - I guess anybody 'd figure - Angie '' - 

Frequency of Synset('mean.v.03'): 46  (denote or connote)
	 1.Example sentence: Boun My - the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky - was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the village of Soukhouma , which means `` Peaceful '' , we had a baci . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('student.n.01.student')
Frequency of Synset('student.n.01'): 74  (a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution)
	 1.Example sentence: It is different with his volume The Swedes and Their Chieftains ( Svenskarna och deras ho ^ vdingar ) , a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students . 
	 2.Example sentence: Han 's student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent . 
	 3.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 4.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 

Frequency of Synset('scholar.n.01'): 21  (a learned person (especially in the humanities); someone who by long study has gained mastery in one or more disciplines)
	 1.Example sentence: This Europeanization of the law was made explicit by a number of 19 th century scholars . 
	 2.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 
	 3.Example sentence: The late R. G. Collingwood , a philosopher whose work has proved helpful to many students of literature , once wrote `` We are all , though many of us are snobbish enough to wish to deny it , in far closer sympathy with the art of the music-hall and picture-palace than with Chaucer and Cimabue , or even Shakespeare and Titian . 
	 4.Example sentence: Of course , it goes without saying that no student of ideas can justifiably ignore the contemporary scene . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('opportunity.n.01.chance')
Frequency of Synset('opportunity.n.01'): 38  (a possibility due to a favorable combination of circumstances)
	 1.Example sentence: The mate , Robert Juet , who had kept the journal on the half Moon , was experienced - but he was a bitter old man , ready to complain or desert at any opportunity . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted 's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` The commercials have just been for money , there has n't been any real incentive for me to do them , but in Underwater Western Eye I 'd have a chance to act . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was loaded with suds when I ran away , and I have n't had a chance to wash it off . 

Frequency of Synset('luck.n.02'): 16  (an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one way rather than another)
	 1.Example sentence: As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared . 
	 2.Example sentence: Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp . 
	 3.Example sentence: Some people have luck and some have no luck and that , whatever people who prefer order say , is the size of it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Some people have luck and some have no luck and that , whatever people who prefer order say , is the size of it . 

Frequency of Synset('probability.n.01'): 30  (a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible)
	 1.Example sentence: Two data centers have been established for the collection , indexing , critical evaluation , and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections . 
	 2.Example sentence: Under the sponsorship of the Office of Naval Research and the Advanced Research Projects Agency , a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition probabilities . 
	 3.Example sentence: A wall stabilized high current arc source was constructed and used to study transition probabilities of atomic hydrogen and oxygen . 
	 4.Example sentence: This apparatus will also be used to measure transition probabilities of a large number of other elements . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('achieve.v.01.attain')
Frequency of Synset('achieve.v.01'): 47  (to gain with effort)
	 1.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 
	 2.Example sentence: With the first of a group of historical novels , The Charles Men ( Karolinerna ) , published in 1897 - 8 , he achieved the masterpiece of his career . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oersted 's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . 
	 4.Example sentence: In one of these , an exploding wire device to study systems thermodynamically up to 6000 * * f and 100 atmospheres pressure , a major goal was achieved . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.02'): 43  (reach a point in time, or a certain state or level)
	 1.Example sentence: His salary had reached the ten thousand mark . 
	 2.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 
	 3.Example sentence: Not that such a list cannot be constructed ; but the nearer it comes to attaining universality , the less significant will it be linguistically . 
	 4.Example sentence: Failure confirms the threat , and the intensity of anxiety is increased as the required learning becomes more difficult , so that by the time the child reaches the third grade the decrement in performance is pronounced . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.01'): 113  (reach a destination, either real or abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: When she reached port , she was found to have on board only eight men , all near starvation . 
	 2.Example sentence: On May 11 , she reached Iceland . 
	 3.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 4.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('give_birth.v.01.bear')
Frequency of Synset('bear.v.01'): 22  (have)
	 1.Example sentence: `` We 've got Father and Mother and each other , '' said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott 's Little Women ; and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; and the Szold family , as it developed , bore a striking resemblance to the Marches . 
	 2.Example sentence: Others who wrote of low characters and low life included Thomas Bangs Thorpe , creator of the Big Bear of Arkansas and Tom Owen , the Bee-Hunter ; Johnson Jones Hooper , whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; and George Washington Harris , whose Tennessee hillbilly character Sut Lovingood perpetrated more unmalicious mischief and more unintended pain than any other character in literature . 
	 3.Example sentence: The gruesome humor of the Nazis was not forgotten - the gas chamber with a sign on it with the name of a Jewish foundation and bearing a copper Star of David - nor the gratuitous sadism of SS officers . 
	 4.Example sentence: Like many others , he had to work hard , long hours in a struggling family business which , though it was allied to art of a kind - the design and production of engraved seals - bore no relation to the painting of pictures . 

Frequency of Synset('give_birth.v.01'): 21  (cause to be born)
	 1.Example sentence: He was born in the small Danish town of Rudkoebing on the island of Langeland in the south central part of Denmark on August 14 , 1777 . 
	 2.Example sentence: He also met Count Rumford ( born Benjamin Thompson in Woburn, Mass . ) who was then serving the Elector of Bavaria , and the physicist Ritter ; these were Oersted 's main contacts in science . 
	 3.Example sentence: He seemed to remember reading somewhere that Abyssinians had large litters , and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens . 
	 4.Example sentence: O ' Banion was born in poverty , the son of an immigrant Irish plasterer , in the North Side 's Little Hell , close by the Sicilian quarter and Death Corner . 

Frequency of Synset('digest.v.03'): 36  (put up with something or somebody unpleasant)
	 1.Example sentence: Can they stand rigid scrutiny ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Shakespeare 's wit and wisdom , his profound insight into human nature , have stood the test of centuries . 
	 3.Example sentence: In any case but the last , such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual ; the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining . 
	 4.Example sentence: Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? 

Frequency of Synset('bear.v.06'): 18  (take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person)
	 1.Example sentence: Your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70 th Anniversary for the April issue of Sovietskaya Muzyka is accepted with pleasure , because I admire the music of Prokofieff ; and with sober purpose , because the development of Prokofieff personifies , in many ways , the course of music in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics . 
	 2.Example sentence: The state may decide to encourage local programs by paying half of the cost , or the state may require the local district to bear this half or some part of it . 
	 3.Example sentence: If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states . 
	 4.Example sentence: Men continuously at the head of growing enterprises can acquire experiences of the most varied , complicated and trying type so that at maturation they have developed the competence and willingness to accept the personal responsibility so sorely needed now . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.11'): 47  (contain or hold; have within)
	 1.Example sentence: His head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment , much less a corps . 
	 2.Example sentence: What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor 's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes - and handbag containing her identification . 
	 3.Example sentence: Surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in 15 - and 25 - liter metallic storage dewars . 
	 4.Example sentence: He looked thoughtfully at his wife 's trunk , holding her meager treasures . 

Frequency of Synset('wear.v.02'): 18  (have on one's person)
	 1.Example sentence: For example , suppose a man wearing a $ 200 watch , driving a 1959 Rolls Royce , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` What time is it '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Sam , no one around here wears such heavy soles . 
	 3.Example sentence: He wore a brown knit sports shirt with no tie . 
	 4.Example sentence: He wore no gun - a strange ommission for a peace officer in this country . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('feed.v.02.feed')
Frequency of Synset('feed.v.01'): 47  (provide as food)
	 1.Example sentence: Knowing specifically what the many feed additives can do and how and when to feed them can make a highly competitive business more profitable for beef , dairy , and sheep men . 
	 2.Example sentence: This article assumes that the rations you are feeding your beef , dairy cattle , and sheep are adequately balanced with protein , vitamins , and minerals . 
	 3.Example sentence: Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency , aids in the prevention or treatment ( depending on level fed ) of the early stages of shipping fever , prevents or treats bacterial diarrhea , and aids in reducing incidence of bloat and liver abscesses . 
	 4.Example sentence: To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 75 milligrams per head in daily supplement . 

Frequency of Synset('feed.v.02'): 18  (give food to)
	 1.Example sentence: His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school . 
	 2.Example sentence: A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that `` they were the hardest looking set of men that Ever i saw they Looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and shavings '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Prince visited the hospital of Operation Brotherhood , supported by the Junior Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines , and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at Pak Song . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 

Frequency of Synset('run.v.06'): 19  (move along, of liquids)
	 1.Example sentence: A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws , but he kept control upon his voice . 
	 2.Example sentence: Water from the snow and water from the towels had run off the kid to the table where the dough was , and the dough was turning pasty , sticking to the kid 's back and behind . 
	 3.Example sentence: She did this now , comfortably aware of the mist running down the windows , of the silence outside , of the dark afternoon it was getting to be . 
	 4.Example sentence: From all this we can now see that two streams of development run through the history of twentieth century American folklore . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('education.n.01.instruction')
Frequency of Synset('direction.n.06'): 12  (a message describing how something is to be done)
	 1.Example sentence: When I have instructions to leave is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions that I am to leave this place , dominant stress is ordinarily on leave . 
	 2.Example sentence: When I have instructions to leave is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions that I am to leave this place , dominant stress is ordinarily on leave . 
	 3.Example sentence: When the same sequence is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions which I am to leave , dominant stress is ordinarily on instructions . 
	 4.Example sentence: When the same sequence is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions which I am to leave , dominant stress is ordinarily on instructions . 

Frequency of Synset('education.n.01'): 40  (the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart knowledge or skill)
	 1.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg , the wigmaker , and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading , German , and Danish in the informal curriculum . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oldenburg 's contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town 's learned , such as the pastor , to supplement the simple teaching . 
	 4.Example sentence: The transmutation of mission to co-optation is further indicated by the insignificance of educational activities , worship , preaching , and publicity in reaching new members . 

Frequency of Synset('teaching.n.01'): 11  (the profession of a teacher)
	 1.Example sentence: Besides , Miss Henrietta - as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a chignon in the back - had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing ; so Cyrus Adler became interested in her friend Racie Friedenwald , and Joe Jastrow - the only young man who when he wrote had the temerity to address her as Henrietta , and signed himself Joe - fell in love with pretty sister Rachel . 
	 2.Example sentence: Check on the schools in the area , the quality of teaching , and the provision for transportation to and from them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Time and again in counseling and teaching , one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious . 
	 4.Example sentence: The same thing is also evidenced by the extreme `` culture Protestantism '' so often observed to characterize the preaching and teaching of the American churches . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('reading.n.01.reading')
Frequency of Synset('reading.n.01'): 22  (the cognitive process of understanding a written linguistic message)
	 1.Example sentence: Other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg , the wigmaker , and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading , German , and Danish in the informal curriculum . 
	 2.Example sentence: For purposes of sample selection only ( individual tests were given later ) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third grade population in each school system . 
	 3.Example sentence: Children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third grade school population were considered under-achievers for the purposes of sample selection . 
	 4.Example sentence: The final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores . 

Frequency of Synset('interpretation.n.01'): 12  (a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something)
	 1.Example sentence: This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches . 
	 2.Example sentence: They give strict interpretation to William James ' statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Not through fear of disobeying orders , as Eichmann kept trying to explain , but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half acceptance of the vicious absurdities contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of Hitler 's victories into a permanent light mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal , and the more outrageous the better , `` Well , let 's try it '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Following a vigorous campaign of interpretation and leadership development by OEP director Dr. Julian Smith , today thousands of secondary schools , colleges and universities have shooting and hunting education in their physical education and recreation programs . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('simple.a.01.simple')
Frequency of Synset('simple.a.01'): 55  (having few parts; not complex or complicated or involved)
	 1.Example sentence: Oldenburg 's contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town 's learned , such as the pastor , to supplement the simple teaching . 
	 2.Example sentence: Analyses such as these four will simultaneously combat the assumptions that tone is impossible and that it is simple . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still , even in such languages tone analysis has not been as simple as one might expect . 
	 4.Example sentence: There we see a basically simple phonemic system enmeshed in a very complex and puzzling morphophonemic system . 

Frequency of Synset('elementary.s.01'): 12  (easy and not involved or complicated)
	 1.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was , of course , no hope it really would be that simple . 
	 3.Example sentence: After that everything should be simpler . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he did n't like to disclose his ignorance . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('education.n.01.teaching')
Frequency of Synset('teaching.n.01'): 11  (the profession of a teacher)
	 1.Example sentence: Besides , Miss Henrietta - as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a chignon in the back - had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing ; so Cyrus Adler became interested in her friend Racie Friedenwald , and Joe Jastrow - the only young man who when he wrote had the temerity to address her as Henrietta , and signed himself Joe - fell in love with pretty sister Rachel . 
	 2.Example sentence: Check on the schools in the area , the quality of teaching , and the provision for transportation to and from them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Time and again in counseling and teaching , one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious . 
	 4.Example sentence: The same thing is also evidenced by the extreme `` culture Protestantism '' so often observed to characterize the preaching and teaching of the American churches . 

Frequency of Synset('education.n.01'): 40  (the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart knowledge or skill)
	 1.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg , the wigmaker , and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading , German , and Danish in the informal curriculum . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oldenburg 's contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town 's learned , such as the pastor , to supplement the simple teaching . 
	 4.Example sentence: The transmutation of mission to co-optation is further indicated by the insignificance of educational activities , worship , preaching , and publicity in reaching new members . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('learn.v.01.learn')
Frequency of Synset('learn.v.01'): 89  (gain knowledge or skills)
	 1.Example sentence: From the town surveyor , Hans learned drawing and mathematics and , from a university student , some academic subjects . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; they read every book that they could borrow in the village . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now they learn that men can change their surroundings , through their traditional village elders , without violence . 
	 4.Example sentence: He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.02'): 162  (get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort . 
	 3.Example sentence: But I 'm pleased to hear - '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` How 'd you hear about this one '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.04'): 26  (be a student of a certain subject)
	 1.Example sentence: While Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine , physics , and astronomy , his brother studied law . 
	 2.Example sentence: Adler , Judge Sulzberger 's nephew , came to study Assyriology . 
	 3.Example sentence: Both these youths , who greatly admired Henrietta , were somewhat younger than she , as were also the neighboring Friedenwald boys , who were then studying medicine ; and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa , whose mind - although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it - naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sadie studied piano ; played Chopin in the `` Soiree Musicale of Mr. Guthrie 's Pupils '' ; and she recited `` Hector 's Farewell to Andromache '' most movingly , to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds ' in Baltimore . 

Frequency of Synset('teach.v.01'): 94  (impart skills or knowledge to)
	 1.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 2.Example sentence: The mayor of the town taught them English and French . 
	 3.Example sentence: Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach . 
	 4.Example sentence: Young Morris , who , while attending the University of Pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write Henrietta twenty page letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of Sarah Bernhardt in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` Sulamith '' on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.08'): 26  (find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('impart.v.01.pass_on')
Frequency of Synset('pass.v.05'): 52  (place into the hands or custody of)
	 1.Example sentence: U. S. Rubber Company , New York , passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: But there is nothing in the Act requiring the hearing officer 's report to be likewise turned over to the registrant . 
	 3.Example sentence: Handing the money over , Russ wiped his hands on his pants-legs as if ridding himself of something unclean . 
	 4.Example sentence: He replenished the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck . 

Frequency of Synset('impart.v.01'): 23  (transmit (knowledge or skills))
	 1.Example sentence: Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; they read every book that they could borrow in the village . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Pat had never pretended to give advice in such affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , a growing intellectual sophistication and the new certitudes imparted by courses in psychology and anthropology make the students increasingly critical of their somewhat provincial and overprotective parents . 
	 4.Example sentence: And the school newspaper sells space to jubilant fraternities , sororities , and houses ( in the House Plan Association ) that have good news to impart . 

Frequency of Synset('communicate.v.01'): 12  (transmit information)
	 1.Example sentence: The State cops would check from time to time ; pass word when there was word to pass . 
	 2.Example sentence: The State cops would check from time to time ; pass word when there was word to pass . 
	 3.Example sentence: Various methods of pulsing , scanning , and displaying these sound waves are used to detect submarines , map ocean floors , and even communicate under water . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nor is it necessary to look for such evidence in the great urban centers of our culture that are admittedly almost entirely secularized and so profoundly estranged from the conventional forms in which the gospel has been communicated . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('entire.s.01.entire')
Frequency of Synset('entire.s.01'): 100  (constituting the full quantity or extent; complete)
	 1.Example sentence: Are they encouraged to take full legal advantage of these benefits ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? 
	 3.Example sentence: His earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1806 his ambition was realized and he became professor of physics at the Copenhagen University , though not realizing full professorship ( ordinarius ) until 1817 . 

Frequency of Synset('integral.s.02'): 11  (constituting the undiminished entirety; lacking nothing essential especially not damaged; - Bacon)
	 1.Example sentence: We must avoid the notion , suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned , that ideas are `` units '' in some way comparable to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even , for that matter , from one individual to another . 
	 2.Example sentence: And the cast shell of a locust , straw colored and transparent , weighing nothing , fragile but entire , with eyes like bubbles and a gaping slit down its back . 
	 3.Example sentence: There were umbrella tents , wall tents , cottage tents , station wagon tents , pup tents , Pop tents , Baker tents , tents with exterior frames , camper trailers , travel trailers , and even a few surplus parachutes serving as sunshades over entire family camps . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a like sense whatever bits or shreds of previous conceptions one may find in it , Utopian communism remains , as an integral whole , original - a new thing . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('establish.v.01.found')
Frequency of Synset('establish.v.01'): 69  (set up or found)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 3.Example sentence: We would establish no censorship . 
	 4.Example sentence: Two data centers have been established for the collection , indexing , critical evaluation , and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections . 

Frequency of Synset('establish.v.02'): 42  (set up or lay the groundwork for)
	 1.Example sentence: His purpose , however , was not to establish an empire , but to assert the principle of divine justice . 
	 2.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: At first glance this appears strange : of all people , was not America founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring `` undeveloped '' societies abroad ? 
	 4.Example sentence: At first glance this appears strange : of all people , was not America founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring `` undeveloped '' societies abroad ? 

Frequency of Synset('establish.v.08'): 76  (use as a basis for; found on)
	 1.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 
	 2.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 3.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.01'): 165  (come upon, as if by accident; meet with)
	 1.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 2.Example sentence: But since 1927 , researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information . 
	 3.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self . 

Frequency of Synset('detect.v.01'): 230  (discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of)
	 1.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since , though . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.03'): 80  (come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost)
	 1.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 2.Example sentence: Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he had n't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he had n't found it . 
	 3.Example sentence: In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this changed world , Prokofieff settled to find himself , and to create for large national purpose . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.01'): 167  (establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 3.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.05'): 185  (come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds)
	 1.Example sentence: Some companies find a little imagination helpful . 
	 2.Example sentence: Arthur Williams 's might well have been included , he felt . 
	 3.Example sentence: By that , one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces . 
	 4.Example sentence: Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . 

Frequency of Synset('witness.v.02'): 167  (perceive or be contemporaneous with)
	 1.Example sentence: He finds it in utter misery and desolation . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 3.Example sentence: This we might well witness '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 

Frequency of Synset('line_up.v.02'): 37  (get something or somebody for a specific purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: But men willing to sail at all into waters where wooden ships could be crushed like eggs were hard to find . 
	 2.Example sentence: Young Morris , who , while attending the University of Pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write Henrietta twenty page letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of Sarah Bernhardt in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` Sulamith '' on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati . 
	 3.Example sentence: Curt doubted that any animal belonging to Jess would find much reassurance in its owner 's voice . 
	 4.Example sentence: But time is running out , and many of Stravinsky 's admirers begin to fear that he will never find terra firma . 

Frequency of Synset('discover.v.03'): 52  (make a discovery, make a new finding)
	 1.Example sentence: In the following year , 1803 , Oersted , simultaneously with Davy , discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts . 
	 2.Example sentence: His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . 
	 3.Example sentence: They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction . 
	 4.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 

Frequency of Synset('discover.v.04'): 38  (make a discovery)
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? 
	 3.Example sentence: He had found Curt 's weakness , or what to Jess was a weakness , and was smart enough to take advantage of it . 
	 4.Example sentence: She tried to think of his unpredictable actions in the eleven years she had known him and discovered they were n't so many after all . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.10'): 13  (obtain through effort or management)
	 1.Example sentence: This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . 
	 2.Example sentence: May we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security ? 
	 3.Example sentence: `` A lot of people are so peculiar that they do n't like cats , it 's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens - and , damn it , you know very well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away ! 
	 4.Example sentence: How in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business , raise a family , be on half a dozen boards , work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a bulging brief case ? 

Frequency of Synset('rule.v.04'): 17  (decide on and make a declaration about)
	 1.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 2.Example sentence: Petitioner was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months ' imprisonment . 
	 3.Example sentence: We found in Gonzales v. United States , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.02'): 119  (receive a specified treatment (abstract))
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Humor found many modes of expression . 
	 3.Example sentence: A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 

Frequency of Synset('recover.v.01'): 23  (get or find back; recover the use of)
	 1.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual re-living of experience , in which the imagining person recovers through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself . 
	 3.Example sentence: When he regained consciousness he was in Lord 's house , in the office of Doctor Lord , the deputy 's deceased father . 
	 4.Example sentence: This approach requires that : ( 1 ) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries , and ( 2 ) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be synthesized into a description of the particular word . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('university.n.02.university')
Frequency of Synset('university.n.01'): 20  (the body of faculty and students at a university)
	 1.Example sentence: Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . 
	 2.Example sentence: An inmate , a former university professor , expounded to us , logically and clearly , that someone was pilfering his thoughts . 
	 3.Example sentence: There one finds concentrated in a comparatively small area the chief universities , colleges , and preparatory schools of the United States . 
	 4.Example sentence: How did it happen , for example , that the state university , that great symbol of American democracy , failed to flourish in New England as it did in other parts of the country ? 

Frequency of Synset('university.n.02'): 14  (establishment where a seat of higher learning is housed, including administrative and living quarters as well as facilities for research and teaching)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 2.Example sentence: So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; there is a struggle there , in which , if he falls , it is easy for him to rise again , there is freedom of utterance there , which draws after it no irreparable consequences on society . 
	 3.Example sentence: In this third year at the university , Hans , in 1797 , was awarded the first important token of recognition , a gold medal for his essay on `` Limits of Poetry and Prose '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fix.v.12.prepare')
Frequency of Synset('fix.v.12'): 49  (make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus at the same time that William Henry Harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe , Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thorpe came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty . 
	 4.Example sentence: They found it at the junction between Troops H and G , and prepared to counterattack . 

Frequency of Synset('cook.v.02'): 29  (prepare for eating by applying heat)
	 1.Example sentence: Because they prepare their own meals they also keep in their pockets a good portion of that $ 10.50 food bill along with most of the tip money . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Johnny insisted on cooking a chicken dinner in my honor - he 's always been a good cook - and I 'll never forget him cleaning the chicken in the tub '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was readying a batch of sourdough biscuits for the Dutch oven . 
	 4.Example sentence: Douglass prepared his sample of **f by thermal decomposition of aqueous chromic acid at 300 - 325 ` C . 

Frequency of Synset('organize.v.05'): 11  (arrange by systematic planning and united effort)
	 1.Example sentence: One of these days , I 'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that 's being painted these days , from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism , and then you 'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sets are remarkably elaborate for a road-show that does n't pause long in any one place , and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or obtrusiveness . 
	 3.Example sentence: If , in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends , you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child 's grandmother watching this event , you have begun to be an artist in film ; you are employing the basic technique of film ; you are cutting . 
	 4.Example sentence: Three weeks later following his recovery , armed with a writ issued by the Catskill justice on affidavits prepared by the district attorney , Cook and Russell rode to arrest Martinez . 

Frequency of Synset('prepare.v.05'): 11  (educate for a future role or function)
	 1.Example sentence: It is believed that Hudson was related to other seafaring men of the Muscovy Company and was trained on company ships . 
	 2.Example sentence: economic security and cultural opportunities , incisive idioms , social fermentations for a new national ideology - a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had gone into the Japanese navy , had been trained as an officer , had participated in one or two battles - he never went into detail regarding his military experience - and at the age of twenty-five , quite as a bolt out of the blue , he had walked into the mission as if he belonged here and had become a Christian . 
	 4.Example sentence: The girls , very fetching in their uniforms , are shown firing rockets from a launcher mounted on a dump truck ; they are also trained with carbines , automatic weapons , pistols , rifles and other such ladies ' accessories . 

Frequency of Synset('train.v.01'): 24  (create by training and teaching)
	 1.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 
	 2.Example sentence: So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . 
	 3.Example sentence: Those who , because of population mobility and the reputed desire of employers to train their own employees , would limit vocational education to general rather than specific skills ought to bear in mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: Proper follow-through requires training your own sales organization , and your distributor organizations , not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('learn.v.04.study')
Frequency of Synset('analyze.v.01'): 111  (consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning)
	 1.Example sentence: Evangelism and congregational outreach have not been carefully studied in the churches ; one study in Pittsburgh , however , has illuminated the situation . 
	 2.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 
	 3.Example sentence: Studying The Merchant of Venice in high school and college has given many young people their notions about Jews . 
	 4.Example sentence: Assuredly in our political campaigns there is freedom to think , to examine any and all issues , and to speak without restraint . 

Frequency of Synset('study.v.02'): 17  (be a student; follow a course of study; be enrolled at an institute of learning)
	 1.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 2.Example sentence: Third , the significance of the vocational courses is that those enrolled are keenly interested in the work ; they realize the relevance of what they are learning to their future careers , and this sense of purpose is carried over to the academic courses which they are studying at the same time . 
	 3.Example sentence: I had studied with Burns ten years before , during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me , along with the five-hundred dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street . 
	 4.Example sentence: The strong feeling is certainly there ; but there is a leavening of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South , especially among those who studied in the North . 

Frequency of Synset('study.v.03'): 63  (give careful consideration to)
	 1.Example sentence: We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner 's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not once , in the time that he had known her , had he ever considered the possibility , not once , not for one one-thousandth of a second , of her infidelity . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could not consider it now . 
	 4.Example sentence: The model of this paper considers an industry which is not characterized by vigorous price competition , but which is so basic that its wage price policies are held in check by continuous critical public scrutiny . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.04'): 26  (be a student of a certain subject)
	 1.Example sentence: While Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine , physics , and astronomy , his brother studied law . 
	 2.Example sentence: Adler , Judge Sulzberger 's nephew , came to study Assyriology . 
	 3.Example sentence: Both these youths , who greatly admired Henrietta , were somewhat younger than she , as were also the neighboring Friedenwald boys , who were then studying medicine ; and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa , whose mind - although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it - naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sadie studied piano ; played Chopin in the `` Soiree Musicale of Mr. Guthrie 's Pupils '' ; and she recited `` Hector 's Farewell to Andromache '' most movingly , to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds ' in Baltimore . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('study.n.02.study')
Frequency of Synset('survey.n.01'): 95  (a detailed critical inspection)
	 1.Example sentence: Evangelism and congregational outreach have not been carefully studied in the churches ; one study in Pittsburgh , however , has illuminated the situation . 
	 2.Example sentence: Rather than from a first-hand study of Jewish people , his delineation of Shylock stems from a collection of Italian stories , Il Pecorone , published in 1558 , although written almost two centuries earlier . 
	 3.Example sentence: If living Jews were unavailable for study , the Bible was at hand . 
	 4.Example sentence: The detection and study of such line spectra would add considerably to present information on interstellar gas clouds and , perhaps , planetary atmospheres . 

Frequency of Synset('study.n.02'): 28  (applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject (especially by reading))
	 1.Example sentence: The brothers continued to help each other during their studies , sharing a joint purse , lodging together in the dormitory and dining together at the home of their aunt . 
	 2.Example sentence: So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; there is a struggle there , in which , if he falls , it is easy for him to rise again , there is freedom of utterance there , which draws after it no irreparable consequences on society . 
	 3.Example sentence: Under pressure from parents , the majority of Brooklyn College girls major in education since that co-ordinates best with marriage plans - limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours . 
	 4.Example sentence: The efforts and accomplishments fall into three main categories : absolute thermometry based upon the velocity of sound in helium gas , secondary thermometry involving principally studies of the behavior of germanium resistors , and helium 4 vapor-pressure measurements ( see p. 144 ) . 

Frequency of Synset('report.n.01'): 56  (a written document describing the findings of some individual or group)
	 1.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 3.Example sentence: Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer 's notes and report , especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of Justice 's recommendation to the appeal board . 
	 4.Example sentence: Petitioner was not entitled , either in the administrative hearing at the Department of Justice or at his trial , to inspect the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , since he was furnished a resume of it , did not challenge its accuracy , and showed no particular need for the original report . 

Frequency of Synset('discipline.n.01'): 34  (a branch of knowledge)
	 1.Example sentence: Also , beware of open end policies , especially in the medical field . 
	 2.Example sentence: From the town surveyor , Hans learned drawing and mathematics and , from a university student , some academic subjects . 
	 3.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 

Frequency of Synset('sketch.n.01'): 16  (preliminary drawing for later elaboration)
	 1.Example sentence: McKenzie , the art editor , took one look at my finished sketch and said , `` Nothing doing , Rufus . 
	 2.Example sentence: First I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale ( approximately * * f inches ) in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values - the lightest light , the middle tone , and the darkest dark - by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns . 
	 3.Example sentence: If a human figure or wild life are to be part of the projected final picture , I try to place them in the initial sketch . 
	 4.Example sentence: Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees , logs , and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position , which I call ' clicking ' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('aid.n.01.assistance')
Frequency of Synset('aid.n.02'): 56  (the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Call this a cry for help '' , Faith Constable said . 
	 3.Example sentence: Upon such sale , there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale . 
	 4.Example sentence: Kitti had come into the office , on somebody 's recommendation , because she needed help in preparing her income tax return . 

Frequency of Synset('aid.n.01'): 14  (a resource)
	 1.Example sentence: They supplemented their income by small government assistance , by tutoring and economizing wherever they could . 
	 2.Example sentence: John , an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics , headed the rural development division of USOM , the United States Operations Mission administering U. S. aid . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Holy Father would die soon , she said to Carla , so she could translate for Sam , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: Federal assistance is limited to half of the total expenditure , and the state or local districts must pay at least half . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('thinking.n.01.thought')
Frequency of Synset('idea.n.01'): 187  (the content of cognition; the main thing you are thinking about)
	 1.Example sentence: For weeks he had been saying that Hudson 's idea of sailing through to Java was absurd . 
	 2.Example sentence: The old way of doing things , which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no longer adequate to the task . 
	 3.Example sentence: With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host 's fertile but disorganized mind . 
	 4.Example sentence: This was my second day in Vientiane , the administrative capital of Laos , and my thoughts were none too brave . 

Frequency of Synset('thinking.n.01'): 15  (the process of using your mind to consider something carefully)
	 1.Example sentence: So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; there is a struggle there , in which , if he falls , it is easy for him to rise again , there is freedom of utterance there , which draws after it no irreparable consequences on society . 
	 2.Example sentence: That , however , may also bring the police , if the thinking does not meet with social approval . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was nothing coherent about his thinking . 
	 4.Example sentence: Would not that be the end of thinking and the end of art ? 

Frequency of Synset('thought.n.03'): 11  (the organized beliefs of a period or group or individual)
	 1.Example sentence: in his motherland ; in the spacious hunting grounds of `` Uncle Sam '' ; in the exciting salons of his lovely , brilliant Paris - mistress of gaiety - excess and abandon - world theatre of new found freedoms in tone , color , dance , design , and thought . 
	 2.Example sentence: American democratic thought , pointed up the relation between the Protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion , which he called the American Democratic Faith . 
	 3.Example sentence: Very likely it will also include a recognition that the work we are reading reflects or `` belongs to '' some way of thought labelled as a `` school '' or an `` - ism '' , i. e. a complex or `` syndrome '' of ideas occurring together with sufficient prominence to warrant identification . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually the work studied offers us a special or even an individualized rendering or treatment of the ideas in question , so that the student finds it necessary to distinguish carefully between the several expressions of an `` - ism '' or mode of thought . 

Frequency of Synset('opinion.n.01'): 28  (a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: Just do n't tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would agree with this view . 
	 4.Example sentence: first , because it is important in itself , and , second , because he knows that the American public cares about a decent respect for the opinions of mankind . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fall.v.06.fall')
Frequency of Synset('fall.v.01'): 32  (descend in free fall under the influence of gravity)
	 1.Example sentence: The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . 
	 2.Example sentence: Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle . 
	 3.Example sentence: Three of these only were protected from us by stern commandment : the roses , whose petals might not be collected until they had fallen , to be made into perfume or rose tea to drink ; the peonies , whose tight sticky buds would be blighted by the laying on of a finger , although they were not apparently harmed by the ants that crawled over them ; and the poppies . 
	 4.Example sentence: When I fell on my back , I saw a vulture hovering . 

Frequency of Synset('descend.v.01'): 30  (move downward and lower, but not necessarily all the way)
	 1.Example sentence: A further regulation is that commands always go down , unaccompanied by statements , and statements always go up , unaccompanied by commands . 
	 2.Example sentence: Jess stared at him without answering and let his hands fall to his sides . 
	 3.Example sentence: When his head came down , Curt grabbed him by the hair and catapulted him head first into the wall . 
	 4.Example sentence: Once Todman thought he had spotted a tank and went down to investigate while Greg covered him . 

Frequency of Synset('fall.v.03'): 16  (pass suddenly and passively into a state of body or mind)
	 1.Example sentence: Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs . 
	 2.Example sentence: But the bullets whacked home before he finished his battle cry and Marvin Goulding fell dead . 
	 3.Example sentence: Even some of the queens will die before the winter is over , falling prey to enemies or disease . 
	 4.Example sentence: From the standpoint of the army of duffers , however , this was easily the most heartening exhibition they had had since Ben Hogan fell upon evil ways during his heyday and scored an 11 in the Texas open . 

Frequency of Synset('decrease.v.01'): 31  (decrease in size, extent, or range)
	 1.Example sentence: Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; once the pool of recruits diminishes , the congregation is helpless - friendly contacts no longer keep it going . 
	 2.Example sentence: Furthermore , unexpectedly rapid progress or a technological break-through on any one weapon system , in itself , often diminishes the relative importance of other competitive systems . 
	 3.Example sentence: For example , the importance of the Regulus 2 , , a very promising aerodynamic ship to surface missile designed to be launched by surfaced submarines , was greatly diminished by the successful acceleration of the much more advanced Polaris ballistic missile launched by submerged submarines . 
	 4.Example sentence: Notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and deployed , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('overcome.v.02.overcome')
Frequency of Synset('get_the_better_of.v.01'): 24  (win a victory over)
	 1.Example sentence: One who could be linked to anti-Semitism only by overcoming his objections is scarcely a good specimen of the Jew-baiter throughout the ages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Their strategy was sound enough and , he reasoned , had been defeated only by Philip Spencer 's unwillingness to sanction an idea he had not originated . 
	 3.Example sentence: This much having been said , the question remains whether we have the resources for the job we have to do - defeat Communism - and , if so , how those resources ought to be used . 
	 4.Example sentence: He was n't troubled with the ordinary , rank-and-file fear that overcomes and paralyzes and sends individual soldiers and whole companies under fire running in panic . 

Frequency of Synset('overcome.v.02'): 13  (get on top of; deal with successfully)
	 1.Example sentence: I lived in this onward driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Good field techniques will not only equip linguists for better work , but also help them overcome negative attitudes . 
	 3.Example sentence: I mean something more like Freud 's concept of the utility of `` play '' to a small child : he plays `` house '' or `` doctor '' or `` fireman '' as a way of mastering slightly frightening experiences , reliving them imaginatively until they are under control . 
	 4.Example sentence: So instead of being tests of the South 's loyalty , the Spanish War , the two World Wars , and the Korean War all served to overcome old grievances and cement reunion . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('derive.v.02.gain')
Frequency of Synset('derive.v.02'): 35  (obtain)
	 1.Example sentence: I lived in this onward driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Declaration of Independence says that `` governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation . 
	 4.Example sentence: He was also at the same time gaining practical experience as a safe breaker and highwayman , and learning how to shoot to kill from a Neanderthal convicted murderer named Gene Geary , later committed to Chester Asylum as a homicidal maniac , but whose eyes misted with tears when the young Dion sang a ballad about an Irish mother in his clear and syrupy tenor . 

Frequency of Synset('acquire.v.05'): 55  (win something through one's efforts)
	 1.Example sentence: `` We were brought up that way '' was one statement which won general assent . 
	 2.Example sentence: In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams . 
	 3.Example sentence: One is that they were established , or gained eminence , under pressure provided by these same immigrants , from whom the old families wished to segregate their children . 
	 4.Example sentence: We unanimously agreed that Prokofieff had won his rights as a world citizen to the first ranks of Twentieth Century Composers . 

Frequency of Synset('profit.v.01'): 24  (derive a benefit from)
	 1.Example sentence: Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; particularly the scholarship fund . 
	 3.Example sentence: Would we gain by keeping alive his memory and besmirching today 's Roman Catholics by saying he had a Catholic heart ? 
	 4.Example sentence: There is little doubt that the students benefit from vocational education . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.01'): 113  (reach a destination, either real or abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: When she reached port , she was found to have on board only eight men , all near starvation . 
	 2.Example sentence: On May 11 , she reached Iceland . 
	 3.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 4.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 

Frequency of Synset('gain.v.08'): 36  (earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages)
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; he found money much more interesting ; but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living - and paid for his own stuff - and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill . 
	 2.Example sentence: He conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the Sicilians , but he had his huge North Side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money . 
	 3.Example sentence: In deciding how much land you want , take into account the amount you 'll need to bring in the income you expect . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the United States . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('proclaim.v.02.proclaim')
Frequency of Synset('proclaim.v.01'): 13  (declare formally; declare someone to be something; of titles)
	 1.Example sentence: Three requirements go with a blockade : It must be proclaimed ; the blockading force must be powerful enough to enforce it ; and it must be enforced without discrimination . 
	 2.Example sentence: And listening to such a conversation one morning while taking a cup of chocolate in a cafe , Rousseau found himself bathed in perspiration , trembling lest his authorship become known , and at the same time dreaming of the startling effect he would make if he should proclaim himself suddenly as the composer . 
	 3.Example sentence: The President of the United States proclaimed the first Sunday in November as `` National Grandmothers ' Day '' and urged America to say it with flowers . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Independence Day celebration will be properly observed with a big military and civic parade from West Warwick to the Greene Homestead in Anthony ; And now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of April 29 th to May 7 th , 1961 , as Rhode Island Heritage Week , advising our citizens that throughout this week many historic houses and beautiful gardens will be open to visitors as well as industrial plants , craft shops , museums and libraries and I earnestly urge all to take advantage of these opportunities to see as many of these places as they can during this outstanding week . 

Frequency of Synset('proclaim.v.02'): 14  (state or announce)
	 1.Example sentence: He openly proclaimed his pleasure in lecturing and writing about science . 
	 2.Example sentence: You were right '' , Russ exclaimed , tearing the loose bills out of Carmer 's hat . 
	 3.Example sentence: Young Morris , who , while attending the University of Pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write Henrietta twenty page letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of Sarah Bernhardt in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` Sulamith '' on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati . 
	 4.Example sentence: Before them stalked the beadle , proclaiming as he went , `` Thus the Council deals with those who break its laws - adulterers , thieves , murderers , and lewd persons . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('academic_degree.n.01.degree')
Frequency of Synset('degree.n.01'): 92  (a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality)
	 1.Example sentence: It is true , that nothing has been found comparable with electricity by communication ; but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference . 
	 2.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 3.Example sentence: The inventory of tones is much smaller , and commonly the contrasts range along one single dimension , pitch level . 
	 4.Example sentence: The difficulty of analysis of any subsystem in the phonology is an inverse function of the size - smaller systems are more troublesome - for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity . 

Frequency of Synset('degree.n.02'): 65  (a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process)
	 1.Example sentence: While there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process . 
	 2.Example sentence: The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 * * f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the | l point . 
	 3.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 
	 4.Example sentence: conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; 

Frequency of Synset('academic_degree.n.01'): 13  (an award conferred by a college or university signifying that the recipient has satisfactorily completed a course of study)
	 1.Example sentence: He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . 
	 2.Example sentence: He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . 
	 3.Example sentence: On December 9 , 1862 , Sergeant Edwin H. Fay , an unusual Louisianan who held A. B. and M. A. degrees from Harvard University and who before the war was headmaster of a private school for boys in Louisiana , wrote his wife : 
	 4.Example sentence: Dr. Clark holds an earned Doctor of Education degree from the University of Oklahoma . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fresh.s.04.fresh')
Frequency of Synset('fresh.a.01'): 15  (recently made, produced, or harvested)
	 1.Example sentence: Alison was still sound asleep ; he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag , and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom , which tasted peculiarly of face powder . 
	 2.Example sentence: After he 'd got out fresh liver for Bast , he paused to look at her crouched daintily over her dish . 
	 3.Example sentence: She had a cup of something steaming , coffee perhaps , in one hand , a fresh piece of toast in the other . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sleepily , as if half reluctant to break the silence , he lifted his voice : `` Rhu-beb ni ice fresh rhu-beb today '' ! 

Frequency of Synset('fresh.s.04'): 43  (original and of a kind not seen before)
	 1.Example sentence: It was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did Byron 's Childe Harold . 
	 2.Example sentence: He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices . 
	 3.Example sentence: Together they also developed a new form of voltaic cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of copper , thereby producing stronger currents . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('open.v.04.open')
Frequency of Synset('open.v.01'): 64  (cause to open or to become open)
	 1.Example sentence: Doors that won n't open , and doors that won n't close and shelves and broken '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: He opened the door and went in , pulling it shut behind him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Curt opened the door , grabbed Black by the shoulder , and pulled him into the barn . 
	 4.Example sentence: The only chance of renovation is to open our eyes and see the mess . 

Frequency of Synset('open.v.02'): 45  (start to operate or function or cause to start operating or functioning)
	 1.Example sentence: Hardly a window has been broken since Dunbar first was opened ( and vandalism in schools is a major problem in many slum areas ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: He opens his discourse , however , with a review of the Eisenhower inaugural festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents , all primed to catch some revelation of the emerging new age . 
	 3.Example sentence: As these Swiss were moving from the Selkirk settlement to become the first civilian residents of Minnesota , Dousman of Michilimackinac , Michigan , and Prairie du Chien was traveling to Red River to open a trade in merchandise . 
	 4.Example sentence: Almost every official who reflects on it thinks this movement of Americans to canvas dwellings opens one of the most promising of all outdoor markets . 

Frequency of Synset('open.v.03'): 15  (become open)
	 1.Example sentence: A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . 
	 2.Example sentence: The fast opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately * * f ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . 
	 3.Example sentence: The heavens opened , pelting them with hail the size of walnuts . 
	 4.Example sentence: The door opened and three men and a woman in a sari swept past him and down the stairs . 

Frequency of Synset('open.v.04'): 14  (begin or set in action, of meetings, speeches, recitals, etc.)
	 1.Example sentence: The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university . 
	 2.Example sentence: Dr. A. V. Astin , NBS Director , opened the 5 - day session with introductory remarks , following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by NBS scientists , from both the Washington and Boulder Laboratories . 
	 3.Example sentence: Heydrich , in opening the Conference , followed the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by Goering which authorized the Final Solution as `` a complement to '' previous `` solutions '' for eliminating the Jews from German living space through violence , economic strangulation , forced emigration , and evacuation . 
	 4.Example sentence: The story opens on the eve of his fifty-third birthday , as he prepares for the two weeks of festivities that are to follow . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('use.v.01.apply')
Frequency of Synset('use.v.01'): 696  (put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you using the most economical printing methods , paper , etc. . 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? 

Frequency of Synset('apply.v.02'): 29  (be pertinent or relevant or applicable)
	 1.Example sentence: It appears to us that the same reasoning applies to the production of the hearing officer 's report and notes at the trial . 
	 2.Example sentence: This explanation of tone difficulties , however , does not apply in all languages . 
	 3.Example sentence: Wage price policies of industry are the result of a complex of forces - no single explanation has been found which applies to all cases . 
	 4.Example sentence: This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition `` . 

Frequency of Synset('apply.v.03'): 13  (ask (for something))
	 1.Example sentence: In 1803 Oersted returned to Copenhagen and applied for the university 's chair in physics but was rejected because he was probably considered more a philosopher than a physicist . 
	 2.Example sentence: You may apply for such an extension by filing Form 2688 , Application For Extension Of Time To File , with the District Director of Internal Revenue for your district , or you may make your application in a letter . 
	 3.Example sentence: The position of receptionist was opened in a large office and an announcement was made to the other girls already working that they could apply for this job which had higher prestige and slightly higher salary than typing and clerking positions . 
	 4.Example sentence: When he heard that Paul Whiteman was looking for singers to replace the Rhythm Boys , Mercer applied and got the job , `` not for my voice , I 'm sure , but because I could write songs and material generally '' . 

Frequency of Synset('put_on.v.07'): 11  (apply to a surface)
	 1.Example sentence: A light , porous mulch applied now keeps the roots cool and the soil soft during these early days of growth . 
	 2.Example sentence: I like hay for this and apply it so that only the tops of the plants show right after a good frost . 
	 3.Example sentence: As he applied the applicator extending from the machine - which consisted of seven differently colored neon tubes superimposed on a rectangular base - to the supposedly diseased portions of Mrs. Shaefer 's body , Lee kept up a steady stream of pseudo scientific mumbo-jumbo . 
	 4.Example sentence: On the following pages and in the following issues we take you every step of the way to your vacation cottage , from choosing the proper site to applying the final trim . 

Frequency of Synset('enforce.v.01'): 20  (ensure observance of laws and rules)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The individualism and public service of the private detective both stem from his dedication to a personal code of conduct : he enforces the law without being told to do so . 
	 3.Example sentence: During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment - and the bitterest irony - enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : 
	 4.Example sentence: It is because each side has sought to implement its distinctive theological belief through legislation and thus indirectly force its belief , or at least the practical consequences thereof , upon others . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('experiment.n.01.experiment')
Frequency of Synset('experiment.n.01'): 62  (the act of conducting a controlled test or investigation)
	 1.Example sentence: He was stirred by the announcement of Volta 's discovery of chemical electricity and he immediately applied the voltaic pile to experiments with acids and alkalis . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , he continued experimenting and lecturing , publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals . 
	 3.Example sentence: In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead . 
	 4.Example sentence: In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead . 

Frequency of Synset('experiment.n.02'): 16  (the testing of an idea)
	 1.Example sentence: Experiments have shown that the shutter is 75 percent open in about 60 - 80 microseconds . 
	 2.Example sentence: Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 * * f , with an uncertainty of 0.10 * * f . 
	 3.Example sentence: How right he was ; how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism . 
	 4.Example sentence: Prokofieff never forsakes his medium for the cause of experimentation per se . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('meet.v.08.meet')
Frequency of Synset('meet.v.01'): 83  (come together)
	 1.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` We '' were Bill Garrett of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; Boun My , our interpreter ; and myself . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I could n't remember where we had met . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had put on the gray jacket and the dark gray slacks and the fawn colored shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.02'): 38  (get together socially or for a specific purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: In March , 1961 , representatives of the national laboratories of Australia , Canada , The Netherlands , United Kingdom , U. S. S. R. , United States , and West Germany , met at the NBS to devise means for reaching international agreement on a temperature scale between 10 and 90 * * f . 
	 3.Example sentence: His letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on Sunday , and I came into the lobby as the clock struck twelve . 
	 4.Example sentence: That , I thought , is at least one thing I can find out when we meet . 

Frequency of Synset('converge.v.01'): 33  (be adjacent or come together)
	 1.Example sentence: The two met in the Captain 's cabin . 
	 2.Example sentence: The hazel eyes met Alexander 's . 
	 3.Example sentence: Department stores congregated in the `` one hundred per cent location '' , where all the transit lines converged . 
	 4.Example sentence: Her voice was ripe and full and her teeth flashed again in Sicilian brilliance before the warm curved lips met and her mouth settled in repose . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.04'): 40  (fill or meet a want or need)
	 1.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 
	 2.Example sentence: The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need . 
	 3.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 4.Example sentence: The connective system , or network , is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective , and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory , a college , or a rural village . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.05'): 26  (satisfy a condition or restriction)
	 1.Example sentence: This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . 
	 2.Example sentence: Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; once the pool of recruits diminishes , the congregation is helpless - friendly contacts no longer keep it going . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces . 
	 4.Example sentence: Once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run to blockade do so at their own risk . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.06'): 15  (satisfy or fulfill)
	 1.Example sentence: It is obvious enough that linguists in general have been less successful in coping with tone systems than with consonants or vowels . 
	 2.Example sentence: Annual authorizations of $ 15 million were added for area vocational education programs that meet national defense needs for highly skilled technicians . 
	 3.Example sentence: Only the Federal government is likely to be able to take a long-run and nation-wide view and to pay for training to meet national skilled manpower needs . 
	 4.Example sentence: These proposals would go far toward creating the economic atmosphere favoring growth of the individual , who , in turn , would help us to cope with runaway technology . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.07'): 33  (collect in one place)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Act of July 3 , 1952 ( 66 Stat. 328 ) as amended ( 42 U. S. C. 1952 - 1958 ) , is further amended to read as follows : 
	 3.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering - 
	 4.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.08'): 12  (get to know; get acquainted with)
	 1.Example sentence: The following year he devoted to the customary `` Wanderjahr '' , traveling in Germany , France , and the Netherlands , meeting the philosophers Schelling , Fichte , and Tieck . 
	 2.Example sentence: He also met Count Rumford ( born Benjamin Thompson in Woburn, Mass . ) who was then serving the Elector of Bavaria , and the physicist Ritter ; these were Oersted 's main contacts in science . 
	 3.Example sentence: But everyone I met had sought cover first and asked questions later . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` We '' were Bill Garrett of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; Boun My , our interpreter ; and myself . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('expose.v.01.expose')
Frequency of Synset('expose.v.01'): 14  (expose or make accessible to some action or influence)
	 1.Example sentence: With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host 's fertile but disorganized mind . 
	 2.Example sentence: She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1959 SAAMI 's shooting development program announced a new activity designed to expose thousands of teen-age boys and girls to the healthy fun enjoyed through the participation in the shooting sports . 
	 4.Example sentence: One sample , which had been exposed to the atmosphere after evacuation at 375 ` C , showed the presence of adsorbed water ( about 0.3 wt % ) as evidenced by a weak resonance line which was very narrow at room temperature and which disappeared , due to broadening , at low temperature . 

Frequency of Synset('unwrap.v.02'): 48  (make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret)
	 1.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 2.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 3.Example sentence: He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld ; nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose . 
	 4.Example sentence: And when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face , not letting on he had been there with Alberto . 

Frequency of Synset('expose.v.03'): 40  (to show, make visible or apparent)
	 1.Example sentence: The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' ( as James 's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries ) `` however bad I may be , you 're not quite the people to say it '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Final Solution proved that the Jew-baiter of any variety exposes himself as being implicated in the criminality and madness of others . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was told he displayed , for example , a sense of superiority - and he answered : `` Well , I am supposed to know all the answers , are n't I '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Various methods of pulsing , scanning , and displaying these sound waves are used to detect submarines , map ocean floors , and even communicate under water . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('put_in.v.05.submit')
Frequency of Synset('submit.v.01'): 12  (refer for judgment or consideration)
	 1.Example sentence: Dr. Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the Century Magazine or Harper 's but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in The Messenger , `` so our readers will be benefited instead '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior shall submit a report of his findings , together with recommendations for an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) based upon such findings , to the Congress not more than two years after the date of enactment of this Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: He stared at the report in Killpath 's hand , sure it was written by Accacia - just as sure as if he 'd submitted it in his scrawled longhand . 
	 4.Example sentence: This claim , as submitted to the District Court and dismissed by it , 126 F. Supp .235 , alleged violation not only of 7 of the Clayton Act , but also of 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act . 

Frequency of Synset('submit.v.02'): 23  (put before)
	 1.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 2.Example sentence: But in any event , I submit that the power to depose belongs to Congress , not to this Court . 
	 3.Example sentence: But it is the need to undertake these testaments that I would submit here as symptom of the common man 's malaise . 
	 4.Example sentence: I submit that this is the key problem of international relations , that it always has been , that it always will be . 

Frequency of Synset('present.v.04'): 16  (hand over formally)
	 1.Example sentence: In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child . 
	 2.Example sentence: A good example of the results obtainable with ultrasonic radiation is contained in papers presented by Dr. G. Baum who has explored the human eye . 
	 3.Example sentence: In January , 1958 , the Minister of the Interior announced that an election law was ready to be submitted to the King , the rumors of election dates appeared once again , first for spring of 1958 and later for the summer . 
	 4.Example sentence: Both men and women of twenty-one years of age could register and vote upon presenting proof of residence and identification . 

Frequency of Synset('take.v.19'): 17  (accept or undergo, often unwillingly)
	 1.Example sentence: You 'll take the rap . 
	 2.Example sentence: The cops would gather up Connor and the foursome on the third floor and bring us those of them who would voluntarily submit to fingerprinting . 
	 3.Example sentence: He took it without flinching . 
	 4.Example sentence: Isaac Pitt , one of the men from Lincoln , had taken a musket ball in his belly ; and though he had found the strength to run with us , now he collapsed and lay on the ground , dying , the Reverend holding his head and wiping his hot brow . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('earth.n.01.Earth')
Frequency of Synset('earth.n.01'): 69  (the 3rd planet from the sun; the planet we live on)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus the Congress marks a formal recognition of the political system that was central to world politics for a century . 
	 3.Example sentence: But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 

Frequency of Synset('earth.n.02'): 23  (the loose soft material that makes up a large part of the land surface)
	 1.Example sentence: Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls . 
	 2.Example sentence: Too late , he realized that in turning , he had wheeled them onto a patch of sandy ground , instead of atop a grade or ridge . 
	 3.Example sentence: Frozen , they stared at it whirling down the valley , gouging and spitting out boulders and chunks of earth like a starving hound dog cracking marrowbones . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was nine o ' clock in the morning : the hour which , like a spade turning clods of earth , exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night . 

Frequency of Synset('land.n.04'): 58  (the solid part of the earth's surface)
	 1.Example sentence: North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week . 
	 2.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; it did not even provide the architect 's plan for anything new . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('electrical.a.01.electrical')
Frequency of Synset('electrical.a.01'): 16  (relating to or concerned with electricity)
	 1.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 2.Example sentence: Chapter 8 , is entitled `` On Magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces . 
	 3.Example sentence: The great resemblance between electrical and magnetic attractions and repulsions and the similarity of their laws necessarily would bring about this comparison . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is true , that nothing has been found comparable with electricity by communication ; but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference . 

Frequency of Synset('electric.a.01'): 16  (using or providing or producing or transmitting or operated by electricity)
	 1.Example sentence: The association between electric ( both electrostatic and voltaic ) forces and magnetic forces had been recognized by investigators for many decades . 
	 2.Example sentence: Perhaps one bored holes in the stone with some kind of an electric gadget . 
	 3.Example sentence: A flashlight or electric lantern also should be available for those periods when a brighter light is needed . 
	 4.Example sentence: I also use a small electric hand blower to dry large washes in the studio . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('match.v.01.correspond')
Frequency of Synset('match.v.01'): 33  (be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , 1745 corresponded to the invention of the `` Leiden '' jar by Kleist , 1764 that of the electrophorus by Wilcke , 1782 produced the condenser of Volta , and 1801 the voltaic pile . 
	 2.Example sentence: The voice is light in timbre , with a rough edge that corresponds to his visage . 
	 3.Example sentence: His second conclusion , on semantic word classes , agrees with mine . 
	 4.Example sentence: Its terms will tend to be labile or vague , and they will fit actual languages more and more badly . 

Frequency of Synset('represent.v.01'): 38  (take the place of or be parallel or equivalent to)
	 1.Example sentence: This conformity represents a desperate attempt to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment . 
	 2.Example sentence: Many of the suggested systems seem to have only the most tenuous relationship to the language structures that they purport to represent . 
	 3.Example sentence: the stress on have , which here represents have finished reading the paper , is quite strong . 
	 4.Example sentence: In Mack 's the leader at camp , but Jack is here the is of the second main declarative represents is the leader and therefore has stress . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('late.a.01.late')
Frequency of Synset('late.a.01'): 33  (being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the late 1700 's Beccaria and van Marum , among others , had magnetized iron by sending an electrostatic charge through it . 
	 3.Example sentence: A half hour later he got her up to go out for breakfast so the Ferraros , hearing them hurrying down the stairs , would think they were going to a late mass . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs . 

Frequency of Synset('former.s.03'): 17  ((used especially of persons) of the immediate past)
	 1.Example sentence: On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . 
	 2.Example sentence: I lived in this onward driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president . 
	 4.Example sentence: No previous antitrust case , he said , had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('calculate.v.02.reckon')
Frequency of Synset('think.v.02'): 228  (expect, believe, or suppose)
	 1.Example sentence: Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 

Frequency of Synset('calculate.v.02'): 36  (judge to be probable)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . 
	 2.Example sentence: The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close . 
	 3.Example sentence: I mean , we all figured - I guess anybody 'd figure - Angie '' - 
	 4.Example sentence: I mean , we all figured - I guess anybody 'd figure - Angie '' - 

Frequency of Synset('see.v.05'): 191  (deem to be)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A gift horse to be viewed with suspicion '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 4.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 

Frequency of Synset('calculate.v.01'): 24  (make a mathematical calculation or computation)
	 1.Example sentence: The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density . 
	 2.Example sentence: A study of the hydrogen line profiles indicates that a measurement of these profiles can be used to calculate a temperature for the arc plasma that is reliable to about * * f percent . 
	 3.Example sentence: Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which , properly handled , would , he had assured him , turn into a workbench . 
	 4.Example sentence: When an occurrence * * f is isolated during text reading , a random memory address * * f , the address of a cell in the X-region , is computed from the form of * * f . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('witness.v.02.witness')
Frequency of Synset('witness.v.01'): 14  (be a witness to)
	 1.Example sentence: Esmarch was among those who witnessed Oersted 's first demonstration of his discovery . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have already witnessed great changes through mergers and acquisitions in the food industry - at both the manufacturing and retail ends . 
	 3.Example sentence: The last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history . 
	 4.Example sentence: These were the years when people flocked to Manchester not only to play golf , which had come into vogue , but also to witness the Ekwanok Country Club tournaments . 

Frequency of Synset('witness.v.02'): 167  (perceive or be contemporaneous with)
	 1.Example sentence: He finds it in utter misery and desolation . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 3.Example sentence: This we might well witness '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('realize.v.03.realize')
Frequency of Synset('recognize.v.02'): 78  (be fully aware or cognizant of)
	 1.Example sentence: She realized I 'd have to notify the police , but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pam realized , to her surprise , that she had been almost dozing . 
	 3.Example sentence: The sweat broke out on Mr. Skyros ' forehead as he realized he had been actually thinking - hoping - planning - perhaps - 
	 4.Example sentence: Too late , he realized that in turning , he had wheeled them onto a patch of sandy ground , instead of atop a grade or ridge . 

Frequency of Synset('understand.v.02'): 197  (perceive (an idea or situation) mentally)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd have consulted us , you see . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 

Frequency of Synset('gain.v.08'): 36  (earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages)
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; he found money much more interesting ; but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living - and paid for his own stuff - and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill . 
	 2.Example sentence: He conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the Sicilians , but he had his huge North Side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money . 
	 3.Example sentence: In deciding how much land you want , take into account the amount you 'll need to bring in the income you expect . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the United States . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('director.n.01.manager')
Frequency of Synset('director.n.01'): 47  (someone who controls resources and expenditures)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1800 , Manthey went abroad and Oersted was appointed manager of the Lion Pharmacy . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. March , like Benjamin Szold , was a clergyman , although of an indeterminate denomination ; and `` Marmee '' March , like Sophie Szold , was the competent manager of her brood of girls , of whom the Marches had only four to the Szolds ' five . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Norths ; Hathaway , Jerry 's publicity director ; Livingston Birdwood , producer of Uprising . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 

Frequency of Synset('coach.n.01'): 41  ((sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team)
	 1.Example sentence: Eddie Lee , Riverside 's redheaded playing manager , ran after the ball but it rolled past him . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Anniston players and their manager ran out on the field . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then the manager called for a doctor . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Anniston manager was coming over to the Riverside dugout . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('pull_off.v.03.manage')
Frequency of Synset('pull_off.v.03'): 27  (be successful; achieve a goal)
	 1.Example sentence: In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead . 
	 2.Example sentence: I do n't know if I can manage it tonight or tomorrow , but I 'll try my best , my friend . 
	 3.Example sentence: Curt managed to duck beneath the man 's flailing fist , and drove home a solid left to Jess 's mid section . 
	 4.Example sentence: Somehow , Blanche managed to cover the stunned surprise and offer her congratulations . 

Frequency of Synset('manage.v.02'): 51  (be in charge of, act on, or dispose of)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: Present at the scene - in addition to the dead man , who was indeed Louis Thor - had been Thor 's partner Bill Blake , and Antony Rose , an advertising agency executive who handled the ZING account . 
	 4.Example sentence: If , as I suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems . 

Frequency of Synset('cope.v.01'): 16  (come to terms with)
	 1.Example sentence: Even if it did not , how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and submachine guns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Martha presumably would cope . 
	 3.Example sentence: The expedient thing - yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The state universities of Maine , New Hampshire , And Vermont are older and more `` respectable '' ; they had less immigration to contend with . 

Frequency of Synset('oversee.v.01'): 14  (watch and direct)
	 1.Example sentence: He is expected to supervise , to encourage , to direct , to assist in any way he can . 
	 2.Example sentence: The most effective way to develop more places for more sportsmen to shoot is to encourage properly managed shooting preserves . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a course for supermarket operators , a district manager who had been recently appointed to his position after being outstandingly successful as a store manager , found that in supervising other managers he was having a difficult time . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Farm Credit Administration , an independent agency located within the Department of Agriculture , supervises and coordinates a cooperative credit system for agriculture . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('report.v.02.report')
Frequency of Synset('report.v.01'): 116  (to give an account or representation of in words)
	 1.Example sentence: Another reported that his comrades were `` in fine spirits pitching around like a blind dog in a meat house '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second reported that the dilapidated houses in Virginia `` look like the latter end of original sin and hard times '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported : `` The Yankees keep Shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink , so I will close '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now Pathet Lao propagandists were reported marching him barefoot from village to village , as evidence of evil American intervention . 

Frequency of Synset('report.v.02'): 52  (announce as the result of an investigation or experience or finding)
	 1.Example sentence: In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead . 
	 2.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 3.Example sentence: It reported that he now devoted only some 6 - 1 2 hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities . 
	 4.Example sentence: Success in observing these spectral lines has so far , apparently , been confined to the laboratory ; extraterrestrial observations have yet to be reported . 

Frequency of Synset('report.v.03'): 12  (announce one's presence)
	 1.Example sentence: Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so . 
	 2.Example sentence: Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so . 
	 3.Example sentence: Gun set the captain 's fifth of Hiram Walker inside the safe before he reported to Lt. Killpath , though he knew that Killpath 's ulcer prevented him from making any untoward incursion on Herman Wolff 's gift . 
	 4.Example sentence: Killpath said , `` You were expected to report to my office twenty minutes ago , Sergeant . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('discover.v.03.discover')
Frequency of Synset('detect.v.01'): 230  (discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of)
	 1.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since , though . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.02'): 162  (get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort . 
	 3.Example sentence: But I 'm pleased to hear - '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` How 'd you hear about this one '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('discover.v.03'): 52  (make a discovery, make a new finding)
	 1.Example sentence: In the following year , 1803 , Oersted , simultaneously with Davy , discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts . 
	 2.Example sentence: His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . 
	 3.Example sentence: They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction . 
	 4.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 

Frequency of Synset('discover.v.04'): 38  (make a discovery)
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? 
	 3.Example sentence: He had found Curt 's weakness , or what to Jess was a weakness , and was smart enough to take advantage of it . 
	 4.Example sentence: She tried to think of his unpredictable actions in the eleven years she had known him and discovered they were n't so many after all . 

Frequency of Synset('unwrap.v.02'): 48  (make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret)
	 1.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 2.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 3.Example sentence: He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld ; nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose . 
	 4.Example sentence: And when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face , not letting on he had been there with Alberto . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('potency.n.02.strength')
Frequency of Synset('strength.n.01'): 31  (the property of being physically or mentally strong)
	 1.Example sentence: On the morning of Stanley 's return , however , her strength left her . 
	 2.Example sentence: Molten glare singed their eyelids an angry crimson ; suffocating air sapped their strength and strained their nerves to snapping ; dust choked their throats and lay like acid in their lungs . 
	 3.Example sentence: One way to determine whether we have so dangerous a technology would be to check the strength of our society 's organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before . 
	 4.Example sentence: Individual human strength is needed to pit against an inhuman condition . 

Frequency of Synset('force.n.03'): 14  (physical energy or intensity)
	 1.Example sentence: Considering the high cost of the F-108 system - over $ 4 billion for the force that had been planned - and the time period in which it would become operational , it was decided to stop further work on the project . 
	 2.Example sentence: If he condemns the recent or the present , he condemns the past with no less force . 
	 3.Example sentence: The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity . 
	 4.Example sentence: Actually , there was a lot of force in him , which is why I kept on in that class instead of quitting after a week . 

Frequency of Synset('intensity.n.01'): 29  (the amount of energy transmitted (as by acoustic or electromagnetic radiation))
	 1.Example sentence: A set of tables containing spectral intensities for 39000 lines of 70 elements , as observed in a copper matrix in a d-c arc , was completed and published . 
	 2.Example sentence: Studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities . 
	 3.Example sentence: Therefore , sharp turns in a shelter entrance will reduce radiation intensity inside the shelter . 
	 4.Example sentence: Forty-nine hours after an atomic burst the radiation intensity is only about 1 percent of what it was an hour after the explosion . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('assume.v.02.assume')
Frequency of Synset('assume.v.01'): 80  (take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof)
	 1.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` People automatically assume that I 'm in college '' , a nineteen year old machinist observed irritably . 
	 3.Example sentence: One can assume that some of the brightest boys are out of town . 
	 4.Example sentence: No lack of opportunity , presuming she had a gun . 

Frequency of Synset('assume.v.02'): 15  (take on titles, offices, duties, responsibilities)
	 1.Example sentence: Could an employee 's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . 
	 3.Example sentence: There would be all the nuisance of contacting someone else to take over . 
	 4.Example sentence: And I done favors for you , big favor not so long back , did n't I , and I 'm right here to take on where Pretty left off . 

Frequency of Synset('assume.v.03'): 52  (take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 
	 2.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 

Frequency of Synset('bear.v.06'): 18  (take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person)
	 1.Example sentence: Your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70 th Anniversary for the April issue of Sovietskaya Muzyka is accepted with pleasure , because I admire the music of Prokofieff ; and with sober purpose , because the development of Prokofieff personifies , in many ways , the course of music in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics . 
	 2.Example sentence: The state may decide to encourage local programs by paying half of the cost , or the state may require the local district to bear this half or some part of it . 
	 3.Example sentence: If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states . 
	 4.Example sentence: Men continuously at the head of growing enterprises can acquire experiences of the most varied , complicated and trying type so that at maturation they have developed the competence and willingness to accept the personal responsibility so sorely needed now . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('every.s.01.every')
Frequency of Synset('every.s.01'): 36  ((used of count nouns) each and all of the members of a group considered singly and without exception)
	 1.Example sentence: He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . 
	 2.Example sentence: The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . 
	 3.Example sentence: In my view , there should be a school which offers significant vocational programs for boys within easy reach of every family in a city . 
	 4.Example sentence: Whitehead is here questioning David Hume 's understanding of the nature of experience ; he is questioning , also , every epistemology which stems from Hume 's presupposition that experience is merely sense data in abstraction from causal efficacy , and that causal efficacy is something intellectually imputed to the world , not directly perceived . 

Frequency of Synset('every.s.02'): 11  (each and all of a series of entities or intervals as specified)
	 1.Example sentence: Preliminary calibrations of the resistors have been made from 4.21 to 2.16 * * f at every 0.1 * * f . 
	 2.Example sentence: In later collages of both masters , a variety of extraneous materials are used , sometimes in the same work , and almost always in conjunction with every other eye-deceiving and eye-undeceiving device they can think of . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the vertex is at **f , and if the interior of C is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing t , then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating C clockwise through 90 ` about the vertex . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had lived for almost thirty years in this same stone farmhouse with the same wife , a remarkably childish thing in itself ; he rose at half past six every morning , made himself some French coffee , had his corn flakes and more coffee , smoked four cigarettes while reading last Sunday 's Herald Tribune and yesterday 's Pittsburgh Gazette , then put on his high-topped farmer 's shoes and walked under a vine bower to his workshop . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('measure.n.01.step')
Frequency of Synset('measure.n.01'): 41  (any maneuver made as part of progress toward a goal)
	 1.Example sentence: He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . 
	 2.Example sentence: That 's a big step toward a modern state . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was to be expected that Stanley would be shy , slow in taking such a momentous step . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this presumption it is an easy step to the conclusion that any observed increases in the basic wage rate must be due to union behavior different and more aggressive than assumed in our model . 

Frequency of Synset('footstep.n.03'): 21  (the distance covered by a step)
	 1.Example sentence: Forced behind him momentarily , Russ followed at once and halted two steps inside . 
	 2.Example sentence: If a child had a single drop of Negro blood , he would revert to the ancestral line which , except as slaves under a superior race , had not made one step of progress in 3000 years . 
	 3.Example sentence: He retreated a step and holstered his own . 
	 4.Example sentence: No , they must look the other way and climb one more painful step up the ladder . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('grade.n.02.level')
Frequency of Synset('degree.n.01'): 92  (a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality)
	 1.Example sentence: It is true , that nothing has been found comparable with electricity by communication ; but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference . 
	 2.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 3.Example sentence: The inventory of tones is much smaller , and commonly the contrasts range along one single dimension , pitch level . 
	 4.Example sentence: The difficulty of analysis of any subsystem in the phonology is an inverse function of the size - smaller systems are more troublesome - for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity . 

Frequency of Synset('grade.n.02'): 27  (a relative position or degree of value in a graded group)
	 1.Example sentence: The university was the only one in Denmark and the status of professor represented the upper social level . 
	 2.Example sentence: Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . 
	 3.Example sentence: Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . 
	 4.Example sentence: This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . 

Frequency of Synset('degree.n.02'): 65  (a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process)
	 1.Example sentence: While there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process . 
	 2.Example sentence: The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 * * f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the | l point . 
	 3.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 
	 4.Example sentence: conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; 

Frequency of Synset('floor.n.02'): 23  (a structure consisting of a room or set of rooms at a single position along a vertical scale)
	 1.Example sentence: He occupied a two bedroom apartment on the fourth floor , using the second bedroom as his office . 
	 2.Example sentence: Men blew dust on objects in a room on the seventeenth floor of the Hotel Dumont and blew it off again , and did the same in a tiny , almost airless room in a tenement in the West Forties . 
	 3.Example sentence: His rage had built up as he made his way here from the second floor , helped by the quantity of champagne he had consumed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Wide windows with many small leaded panes swept across the upper stories . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('publish.v.02.issue')
Frequency of Synset('publish.v.02'): 38  (prepare and issue for public distribution or sale)
	 1.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 
	 2.Example sentence: In Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation ( Paris , 1813 ) under the title Recherches sur l ' identite des forces chimiques et electriques , a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists . 
	 3.Example sentence: But it is worth pondering that very little has been published on any phase of field techniques in linguistics . 
	 4.Example sentence: assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature , both domestic and foreign , and issue bibliographical data with respect thereto ; 

Frequency of Synset('issue.v.02'): 20  (circulate or distribute or equip with)
	 1.Example sentence: The Manchester Depot Sewer Company issued 214 shares of stock at $ 10 each for construction of a sewer in that locality , and assessments were made for its maintenance . 
	 2.Example sentence: The pulmonary artery , in addition to supplying the distal portion of the respiratory bronchiole , the alveolar duct , and the alveoli , continues on and directly supplies the thin pleura ( fig. 8 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: The pulmonary artery , in addition to supplying the distal portion of the respiratory bronchiole , the alveolar duct , and the alveoli , continues on and directly supplies the thin pleura ( fig. 8 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: It does , as in type 1 , , supply the hilar lymph nodes , the pulmonary artery , the pulmonary vein , the bronchi , and the bronchioles - terminating in a common capillary bed with the pulmonary artery at the level of the respiratory bronchiole . 

Frequency of Synset('issue.v.03'): 12  (bring out an official document (such as a warrant))
	 1.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior may issue rules and regulations to effectuate the purposes of this Act . 
	 2.Example sentence: Heydrich , in opening the Conference , followed the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by Goering which authorized the Final Solution as `` a complement to '' previous `` solutions '' for eliminating the Jews from German living space through violence , economic strangulation , forced emigration , and evacuation . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1920 , the Lambeth Conference repeated its 1908 condemnation of contraception and issued `` an emphatic warning against the use of unnatural means for the avoidance of conception , together with the grave dangers - physical , moral , and religious - thereby incurred , and against the evils which the extension of such use threaten the race '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The new President is in no position to start out his dealings with Moscow by issuing callable bluffs . 

Frequency of Synset('issue.v.04'): 14  (come out of)
	 1.Example sentence: He went to his cabin and emerged carrying a large chart , which he set up in view of the crew . 
	 2.Example sentence: The corporation in America is in reality our form of socialism , vying in a sense with the other socialistic form that has emerged within governmental bureaucracy . 
	 3.Example sentence: He spotted Docherty coming out of a room at the far end of the corridor and called to him . 
	 4.Example sentence: But it would not come . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('detect.v.01.observe')
Frequency of Synset('detect.v.01'): 230  (discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of)
	 1.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since , though . 

Frequency of Synset('note.v.01'): 103  (make mention of)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Fairly recent '' , he remarked . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . 

Frequency of Synset('note.v.03'): 40  (observe with care or pay close attention to)
	 1.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Noting such evidence is the first step ; and almost the only `` cure '' is early detection and removal . 
	 3.Example sentence: A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region . 
	 4.Example sentence: What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration , integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form ; color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; and that over all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . 

Frequency of Synset('respect.v.02'): 11  (show respect towards)
	 1.Example sentence: How can we have a good city unless we respect morality '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed . 
	 3.Example sentence: Since there are almost no schools in the country offering graduate work in interior design this rule cannot at present be observed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now Eileen really would have to settle down to love honor and obey , and she 'd have to quit drinking . 

Frequency of Synset('observe.v.06'): 16  (behave as expected during of holidays or rites)
	 1.Example sentence: Of these there are surely few that would be more rewarding discoveries than Verner von Heidenstam , the Swedish poet and novelist who received the award in 1916 and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago . 
	 2.Example sentence: On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30 th anniversary . 
	 3.Example sentence: The place was evidently a familiar haunt and Claire wondered what other illicit loves had been celebrated in the comfortable rooms to which they were shown . 
	 4.Example sentence: On my first Guy Fawkes Day here , I found Catholics as well as non Catholics celebrating with the traditional fireworks and bonfires , and was told that most Englishmen either do not know or are not concerned with the historical significance of the day . 

Frequency of Synset('watch.v.02'): 56  (follow with the eyes or the mind)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . 
	 3.Example sentence: Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope waning by the moment . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You do n't have to watch what you say . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('action.n.02.activity')
Frequency of Synset('activity.n.01'): 43  (any specific behavior)
	 1.Example sentence: It reported that he now devoted only some 6 - 1 2 hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities . 
	 2.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 
	 3.Example sentence: A fourteen year old girl from the Middle West observed wryly that , in her community , religion inconveniently interfered with religious activities - at least with the peripheral activities that many middle class Jews now regard as religious . 
	 4.Example sentence: A fourteen year old girl from the Middle West observed wryly that , in her community , religion inconveniently interfered with religious activities - at least with the peripheral activities that many middle class Jews now regard as religious . 

Frequency of Synset('action.n.02'): 52  (the state of being active)
	 1.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 2.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 
	 3.Example sentence: The form of galvanic activity is halfway between the magnetic form and the electrical form . 
	 4.Example sentence: The proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy ( 17.3 per cent of new members ) and friendly contacts by members ( over two thirds if organizational activities are included ) . 

Frequency of Synset('bodily_process.n.01'): 14  (an organic process that takes place in the body)
	 1.Example sentence: They talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body . 
	 2.Example sentence: To reduce incidence of liver abscesses , supply 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline activity per head daily . 
	 3.Example sentence: A study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not preferentially released and that the degradation proceeds stepwise with the formation of macromolecular intermediates ( Alpers , Petermann and Rall , 1956 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: A microsomal de-iodinase with a pH optimum of around 8 , and requiring reduced triphosphopyridine nucleotide for activity , has been identified in the thyroid ( Stanbury , 1957 ) . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('phase.n.01.stage')
Frequency of Synset('phase.n.01'): 49  (any distinct time period in a sequence of events)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you audited your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories , each depicting a special phase of the general subject . 
	 3.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: But it is worth pondering that very little has been published on any phase of field techniques in linguistics . 

Frequency of Synset('degree.n.02'): 65  (a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process)
	 1.Example sentence: While there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process . 
	 2.Example sentence: The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 * * f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the | l point . 
	 3.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 
	 4.Example sentence: conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; 

Frequency of Synset('stage.n.03'): 15  (a large platform on which people can stand and can be seen by an audience)
	 1.Example sentence: The Americanegro Suite is in a sense an extension of the Cotton Club songs in that it is a collection of Negro songs , not for a night club , but for the concert stage . 
	 2.Example sentence: As with the penultimate Giselle release ( Wolff 's abridgment for RCA Victor ) I find the cleaner , less razor edged monophonic version , for all its lack of big stage spaciousness , the more aurally tolerable - but this may be the result of processing defects in my SD copies . 
	 3.Example sentence: , and Berman sifted out all alone on the stage with the ambling chords and beat of the song just whispering into being . 
	 4.Example sentence: On a stage he always knew what to do , and tonight , to judge by the applause , he must be doing it better than usual . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('clearly.r.01.clearly')
Frequency of Synset('clearly.r.01'): 31  (without doubt or question)
	 1.Example sentence: His plan and intent were clearly charted . 
	 2.Example sentence: Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . 
	 3.Example sentence: This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the same time , he is plainly sympathetic , clearly friendly . 

Frequency of Synset('distinctly.r.01'): 12  (clear to the mind; with distinct mental discernment)
	 1.Example sentence: But she was talking of Emile when she saw the black line of the open door ; Sarah remembered it clearly . 
	 2.Example sentence: Casey heard the voice distinctly and he knew who it was , but it took him a while to make the mental readjustment and control the disturbance inside his head . 
	 3.Example sentence: Particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist , some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware , and the recognition of which , as a part of himself , he finds distinctly unwelcome . 
	 4.Example sentence: But it is true that the therapist can sense , when he hears this stereotype , that there are at this moment many emotional determinants at work in it , a blurred babel of indistinct voices which have yet to become clearly delineated from one another . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('act.n.02.act')
Frequency of Synset('act.n.01'): 35  (a legal document codifying the result of deliberations of a committee or society or legislative body)
	 1.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Act of July 3 , 1952 ( 66 Stat. 328 ) as amended ( 42 U. S. C. 1952 - 1958 ) , is further amended to read as follows : 
	 2.Example sentence: As used in this Act , the term ' saline water ' includes sea water , brackish water , and other mineralized or chemically charged water , and the term ' United States ' extends to and includes the District of Columbia , the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , and the territories and possessions of the United States . 
	 3.Example sentence: In order to accomplish the purposes of this Act , the Secretary of the Interior shall - 
	 4.Example sentence: recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; 

Frequency of Synset('act.n.02'): 20  (something that people do or cause to happen)
	 1.Example sentence: In one debate he supported the freedom of judgment as opposed to dogma , in another he held that the practice of science was in fact an act of religious worship . 
	 2.Example sentence: In establishing criterion measurements , it was therefore thought best to broaden the scope beyond the reading act itself . 
	 3.Example sentence: These trials were properly termed `` political cases '' in that the trial itself was a political act producing political consequences . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Roman Catholic natural-law tradition regards as self-evident that the primary objective purpose of the conjugal act is procreation and that the fostering of the mutual love of the spouses is the secondary and subjective end . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('invent.v.01.devise')
Frequency of Synset('invent.v.01'): 32  (come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a mental effort)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . 
	 4.Example sentence: So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others . 

Frequency of Synset('organize.v.05'): 11  (arrange by systematic planning and united effort)
	 1.Example sentence: One of these days , I 'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that 's being painted these days , from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism , and then you 'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sets are remarkably elaborate for a road-show that does n't pause long in any one place , and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or obtrusiveness . 
	 3.Example sentence: If , in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends , you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child 's grandmother watching this event , you have begun to be an artist in film ; you are employing the basic technique of film ; you are cutting . 
	 4.Example sentence: Three weeks later following his recovery , armed with a writ issued by the Catskill justice on affidavits prepared by the district attorney , Cook and Russell rode to arrest Martinez . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('induce.v.02.cause')
Frequency of Synset('cause.v.01'): 194  (give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally)
	 1.Example sentence: Law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 3.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: If Mr. Skyros had dreamed of all the trouble that young man would eventually cause - 

Frequency of Synset('induce.v.02'): 122  (cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner)
	 1.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 
	 2.Example sentence: He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 4.Example sentence: As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('succeed.v.01.succeed')
Frequency of Synset('succeed.v.01'): 25  (attain success or reach a desired goal)
	 1.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 2.Example sentence: Having had every opportunity to rebut the finding of the local board before both the hearing officer and the appeal board , petitioner cannot now claim that he was denied due process because he did not succeed . 
	 3.Example sentence: One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning . 
	 4.Example sentence: They sit alone in their rooms and try to paint , and only succeed in isolating themselves still farther from life . 

Frequency of Synset('succeed.v.02'): 14  (be the successor (of))
	 1.Example sentence: They were followed by crack North Korean troops , who mounted one charge after another . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Oakes succeeds Charles Merz , editor since 1938 , who now becomes editor emeritus . 
	 3.Example sentence: She was succeeded by Clarence Goyette . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Colonial Light and Power Company was succeeded by the Vermont Hydro-Electric Corporation , which in turn was absorbed by the Central Vermont Public Service Corporation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('make.v.03.create')
Frequency of Synset('make.v.03'): 326  (make or cause to be or to become)
	 1.Example sentence: These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Was she in the habit of making new wills '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 

Frequency of Synset('create.v.02'): 38  (bring into existence)
	 1.Example sentence: It is the gradual unfolding and deepening of this contradiction which creates the inner dialectic of the evolution of the mystery story . 
	 2.Example sentence: It rested its decision solely on 7 , which reads in pertinent part : `` [ N ] o corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` The logic of creating a strong , balanced , competitive two system railroad service in the East is so obvious that B. + O. was publicly committed to the approach outlined here . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the light of the facts at hand , however , New York Central intends to pursue the objective of helping to create a healthy two system eastern railroad structure in the public interest `` . 

Frequency of Synset('create.v.05'): 16  (create by artistic means)
	 1.Example sentence: The fireplace had tiles made for Mrs. Monmouth by Picasso himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration , integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form ; color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; and that over all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . 
	 3.Example sentence: First I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale ( approximately * * f inches ) in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values - the lightest light , the middle tone , and the darkest dark - by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The Bible forbids us to bow down to or to make graven images . 

Frequency of Synset('produce.v.02'): 86  (create or manufacture a man-made product)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('flow.v.01.flow')
Frequency of Synset('flow.v.01'): 13  (move or progress freely as if in a stream)
	 1.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 2.Example sentence: Though the number of people flowing in and out of our metropolitan areas each day has increased tremendously since World War 2 , , total annual rail commutation dropped 124 million from 1947 to 1957 . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` See , Argiento , if you control the way these folds are bunched , like this , or made to flow , you can enrich the body attitudes . 
	 4.Example sentence: This gives a wide flare to the pecs , causing them to flow dramatically upward into deltoids and dramatically downward into the serratus and lats . 

Frequency of Synset('run.v.06'): 19  (move along, of liquids)
	 1.Example sentence: A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws , but he kept control upon his voice . 
	 2.Example sentence: Water from the snow and water from the towels had run off the kid to the table where the dough was , and the dough was turning pasty , sticking to the kid 's back and behind . 
	 3.Example sentence: She did this now , comfortably aware of the mist running down the windows , of the silence outside , of the dark afternoon it was getting to be . 
	 4.Example sentence: From all this we can now see that two streams of development run through the history of twentieth century American folklore . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('together.r.05.together')
Frequency of Synset('together.r.01'): 19  (in contact with each other or in proximity)
	 1.Example sentence: Two men murmured with their heads together at the end of the bar , while the sleek headed bartender absently polished a glass . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination , it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive , that they belong together . 
	 3.Example sentence: Her words jumbled together and she all but ran from the office and from the question in Rev 's face . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first series of Sherlock Holmes adventures ends with Holmes and Moriarty grappling together on the edge of a cliff . 

Frequency of Synset('together.r.02'): 17  (assembled in one place)
	 1.Example sentence: A successful businessman recently prefaced his address to a luncheon group with the statement that all economists should be sent to the hospitals for the mentally deranged where they and their theories might rot together . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Szolds , like the Marches , enjoyed and loved living together , even in troubled times ; and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . 
	 3.Example sentence: They want to be fat cats , Pam thought , and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together . 
	 4.Example sentence: All just by chance , and in a way tracing back to poor Frank , all of it , because naturally - brothers , living together - and Angie - 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mention.n.01.reference')
Frequency of Synset('mention.n.01'): 17  (a remark that calls attention to something or someone)
	 1.Example sentence: Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new , dominant stress will probably be on here in it rarely snows here , but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow , dominant stress will probably be on snows . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new , dominant stress will probably be on here in it rarely snows here , but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow , dominant stress will probably be on snows . 
	 4.Example sentence: No one will deny that such broad developments and transitions are of great intrinsic interest and the study of ideas in literature would be woefully incomplete without frequent reference to them . 

Frequency of Synset('address.n.01'): 21  ((computer science) the code that identifies where a piece of information is stored)
	 1.Example sentence: When an occurrence * * f is isolated during text reading , a random memory address * * f , the address of a cell in the X-region , is computed from the form of * * f . 
	 2.Example sentence: When an occurrence * * f is isolated during text reading , a random memory address * * f , the address of a cell in the X-region , is computed from the form of * * f . 
	 3.Example sentence: The address * * f and the number of cells required to store the form are written in * * f ; the information cell * * f is saved to represent the text occurrence . 
	 4.Example sentence: When this situation exists , the address * * f will equal * * f which was produced from * * f . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('change.v.01.alter')
Frequency of Synset('change.v.01'): 80  (cause to change; make different; cause a transformation)
	 1.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Codification was followed in all countries by a growing amount of legislation , some changing and adjusting the older law , much dealing with entirely new situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles . 

Frequency of Synset('change.v.03'): 40  (become different in some particular way, without permanently losing one's or its former characteristics or essence)
	 1.Example sentence: States were free to enact , within broad though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 
	 3.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 
	 4.Example sentence: ( We abstract here from technological progress and assume that prices of all other products change proportionately . ) 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('discharge.n.01.discharge')
Frequency of Synset('discharge.n.01'): 13  (the sudden giving off of energy)
	 1.Example sentence: Beccaria had almost stumbled on a lead to the relationship between electricity and magnetism when a discharge from a Leyden jar was sent transversally through a piece of watch spring steel making its ends magnetic . 
	 2.Example sentence: The resulting magnetic effect proved stronger than when the discharge was made lengthwise . 
	 3.Example sentence: A previously extinguished conditioned reaction was restored in monkey A and was associated with typical signs of emotional excitement including sympathetic discharges . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus cortico-fugal discharges induced by topical application of strychnine to a minute area in the neocortex summate with spikes present in the hypothalamus and cause increased convulsive discharges . 

Frequency of Synset('discharge.n.05'): 40  (electrical conduction through a gas in an applied electric field)
	 1.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 2.Example sentence: During the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line , thus allowing light to pass into the camera . 
	 3.Example sentence: A wall stabilized high current arc source was constructed and used to study transition probabilities of atomic hydrogen and oxygen . 
	 4.Example sentence: A study of the hydrogen line profiles indicates that a measurement of these profiles can be used to calculate a temperature for the arc plasma that is reliable to about * * f percent . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('primary.a.01.primary')
Frequency of Synset('primary.a.01'): 16  (of first rank or importance or value; direct and immediate rather than secondary)
	 1.Example sentence: The experiments of Romagnosi and others have already been noted but no one had determined the cause and effect relationship between these two primary forces . 
	 2.Example sentence: An exhaustive survey was made of the literature , and a primary reference file of approximately 600 references was catalogued . 
	 3.Example sentence: This is the primary function of the imagination operating in the absence of the original experiential stimulus by which the images were first appropriated . 
	 4.Example sentence: Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last . 

Frequency of Synset('chief.s.01'): 40  (most important element)
	 1.Example sentence: His chief discovery was important - the Great North ( later , the Hudson ) River - but it produced no northwest passage . 
	 2.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 3.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 4.Example sentence: He also met Count Rumford ( born Benjamin Thompson in Woburn, Mass . ) who was then serving the Elector of Bavaria , and the physicist Ritter ; these were Oersted 's main contacts in science . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('wit.n.01.humor')
Frequency of Synset('wit.n.01'): 17  (a message whose ingenuity or verbal skill or incongruity has the power to evoke laughter)
	 1.Example sentence: The letters of the common soldiers are rich in humor . 
	 2.Example sentence: Indeed , no richer humor is to be found in the whole of American literature than in the letters of the semi-literate men who wore the blue and the gray . 
	 3.Example sentence: Humor found many modes of expression . 
	 4.Example sentence: Shakespeare 's wit and wisdom , his profound insight into human nature , have stood the test of centuries . 

Frequency of Synset('temper.n.02'): 16  (a characteristic (habitual or relatively temporary) state of feeling)
	 1.Example sentence: That his moods , even in his early years , are those of his people , does him honor , as his music honors those who inspired it . 
	 2.Example sentence: In his mood , it was the best way to handle him ; that is , to show no curiosity whatsoever . 
	 3.Example sentence: He 'd been in an angry mood : Conchita had thought his face almost ugly with the anger in him . 
	 4.Example sentence: The careless writing was in keeping with his mood of savage discontent . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('expression.n.03.expression')
Frequency of Synset('expression.n.01'): 32  (the feelings expressed on a person's face)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden 's dark face wore a meditative look . 
	 2.Example sentence: Glowering looks met them in the bar , but there was no attempt to halt them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Giving the other a dark look , he hauled his bronc around and trotted down off the street . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros did not at all like the look on Angelo 's regular featured , almost girlishly good-looking face - or indeed anything about Angelo . 

Frequency of Synset('expression.n.02'): 16  (expression without words)
	 1.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the care-free indolence of the East he sees the last reflection of the old happy existence , and for that reason he loves it . 
	 3.Example sentence: It could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches ; this style is characteristically an expression of the communal style of the middle classes . 

Frequency of Synset('expression.n.03'): 13  (the communication (in speech or writing) of your beliefs or opinions)
	 1.Example sentence: Yanks were equally adept at figurative expression . 
	 2.Example sentence: Humor found many modes of expression . 
	 3.Example sentence: Usually the work studied offers us a special or even an individualized rendering or treatment of the ideas in question , so that the student finds it necessary to distinguish carefully between the several expressions of an `` - ism '' or mode of thought . 
	 4.Example sentence: Accordingly we may speak of the Platonism peculiar to Shelley 's poems or the type of Stoicism present in Henley 's `` Invictus '' , and we may find that describing such Platonism or such Stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise . 

Frequency of Synset('formula.n.01'): 12  (a group of symbols that make a mathematical statement)
	 1.Example sentence: His formula will have to be weighed , may be altered or improved , and it should be tested on additional bodies of material . 
	 2.Example sentence: As is the case with the allotment provisions for support of vocational rehabilitation services , the matching requirements are also based on a statutory formula . 
	 3.Example sentence: The general theory of resonance shifts is used to derive a general expression for the second moment **f of a polycrystalline paramagnetic sample and is specialized to **f . 
	 4.Example sentence: Fortunately , a general formula of wide applicability solves all problems of this kind . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('eat.v.01.eat')
Frequency of Synset('eat.v.01'): 58  (take in solid food)
	 1.Example sentence: One wrote : `` [ I am so hungry ] I could eat a rider off his horse + snap at the stirups '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I eat too much eggs and poark it sowered [ on ] my stomack and turn loose on me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: For fifty-five years he had lived , progressing towards a no-goal , eating , working , breathing without plan , without reason . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus in it 's incredible what that boy can eat dominant stress is likely to be on incredible , and eat will have strong stress also . 

Frequency of Synset('eat.v.02'): 12  (eat a meal; take a meal)
	 1.Example sentence: Then , as he doubled , gasping , vomiting the breakfast he had so lately eaten , Lord straightened him with an uppercut . 
	 2.Example sentence: Charlie ate some supper in the kitchen and went into the TV room to hear the news . 
	 3.Example sentence: I have observed that being up on a horse changes the whole character of a man , and when a very small man is up on a saddle , he 'd like as not prefer to eat his meals there . 
	 4.Example sentence: They had cleaned up an old ice box and begun to buy fifty pound blocks of ice in town , as the electric refrigerator came nowhere near providing enough ice for the crowds who ate and drank there . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('corner.n.01.corner')
Frequency of Synset('corner.n.01'): 17  (a place off to the side of an area)
	 1.Example sentence: A third remarked of slowness of Southerners : `` They moved about from corner to corner , as uneasy as a litter of hungry leaches on the neck of a wooden god '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: A third remarked of slowness of Southerners : `` They moved about from corner to corner , as uneasy as a litter of hungry leaches on the neck of a wooden god '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Their kind created an American culture superior to any in the world , an industrial and technological culture which penetrated Russia as it did almost every corner of the earth without a nickel from the Federal treasury or a single governmental specialist to contrive directives or program a series of consultations of interested agencies . 
	 4.Example sentence: I have no picture in my mind of the garden as a whole - that I could not see - but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the memory : wind-blown , frost-bitten , white chrysanthemums beneath a window , with their brittle brown leaves and their sharp scent of November ; ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty slippered foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , brown edged holes ; hot colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch , where we passed on our way to the pump with the half gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it . 

Frequency of Synset('corner.n.02'): 15  (the point where two lines meet or intersect)
	 1.Example sentence: A square inscribed in a curve C means a square with its four corner points on the curve , though it may not lie entirely in the interior of C . 
	 2.Example sentence: The square has one corner point on the straight line segment , and does not lie entirely in the interior . 
	 3.Example sentence: As s increases we consider the two free corner points of the square , **f and **f , adjacent to P and Q respectively . 
	 4.Example sentence: We now have certain squares with three corners on C . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('pray.v.01.pray')
Frequency of Synset('pray.v.01'): 21  (address a deity, a prophet, a saint or an object of worship; say a prayer)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Now I lay me down to sleep , The gray-backs o ' er my body creep ; If they should bite before I wake , I pray the Lord their jaws to break '' `` . 
	 2.Example sentence: Please , dear God , make my pilots good , he prayed . 
	 3.Example sentence: Wingman , stay clear , he prayed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Not even Varnessa ; she , too , prayed only to God . 

Frequency of Synset('beg.v.01'): 12  (call upon in supplication; entreat)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Now I lay me down to sleep , The gray-backs o ' er my body creep ; If they should bite before I wake , I pray the Lord their jaws to break '' `` . 
	 2.Example sentence: And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you did n't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy , the chump who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he could n't afford and the too shiny shoes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Watson watched two of them flounder into the shallow water and listened to their voices beg shrilly . 
	 4.Example sentence: The men mewed and scratched , begging to be taken away . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('differ.v.01.differ')
Frequency of Synset('differ.v.01'): 27  (be different)
	 1.Example sentence: Charles Thiot , a splendid Georgia soldier , differed from most of his comrades in the ranks in that he was the owner of a large plantation , well-educated , and nearly fifty years of age . 
	 2.Example sentence: In this respect , public education in the large cities differs from education in the smaller cities and consolidated school districts . 
	 3.Example sentence: The mythological private eye differs from his counterpart in real life in two essential ways . 
	 4.Example sentence: If word classes differ in their resistance or liability to stem replacement within meaning slot , it is conceivable that individual meanings also differ with fair consistence trans lingually . 

Frequency of Synset('disagree.v.01'): 11  (be of different opinions)
	 1.Example sentence: Catholics , Protestants and Jews are in agreement over the objectives of family planning , but disagree over the methods to be used . 
	 2.Example sentence: But people differ in their religious beliefs on scores of doctrines , without taking up arms against those who disagree with them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Philibert Berthelier , the son of the famous patriot , disagreed . 
	 4.Example sentence: I disagree with the writer who says funeral services should be government-controlled . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('shoot.v.02.shoot')
Frequency of Synset('shoot.v.01'): 17  (hit with a missile from a weapon)
	 1.Example sentence: Only those actually with Payne when he was shot , or who had left the party within not more than five minutes ( make five arbitrary ) positively had none . 
	 2.Example sentence: They had been with Payne when he was shot , could not therefore have shot him from above . 
	 3.Example sentence: They had been with Payne when he was shot , could not therefore have shot him from above . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , he thought , I doubt if she could hit the side of a barn with a shotgun . 

Frequency of Synset('shoot.v.02'): 26  (kill by firing a missile)
	 1.Example sentence: Near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two pups , name one of them `` fall-in '' and the other `` close-up '' , and then shoot them both , `` and that will be the end of ' fall-in ' and ' close-up '' ' . 
	 2.Example sentence: i will Shute him as shore as i Sea him '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: We got to one house where there were five secessionist they brok + run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them . 
	 4.Example sentence: Only those actually with Payne when he was shot , or who had left the party within not more than five minutes ( make five arbitrary ) positively had none . 

Frequency of Synset('blast.v.07'): 13  (fire a shot)
	 1.Example sentence: Another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported : `` The Yankees keep Shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink , so I will close '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Just like shooting at a duck while performing a half-gainer from a diving board . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I 'll be shootin ' right back '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: You reckon there 's two men in this state can shoot like that '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('film.v.01'): 25  (make a film or photograph of something)
	 1.Example sentence: Would a camera club be useful in taking pictures pertinent to plant safety ? 
	 2.Example sentence: My lovely caller - Joyce Holland was her name - had previously done three filmed commercials for ZING , and this evening , the fourth , a super production , had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor . 
	 3.Example sentence: When he heard Calenda say : `` What about that picture you took this afternoon '' ? it still took him another few seconds to remember the job he had done for Frank Ackerly . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You took a picture of me at the corner of Washington and Blake about three thirty this afternoon '' . 

Frequency of Synset('dart.v.02'): 12  (run or move very quickly or hastily)
	 1.Example sentence: `` So I just scooted out of his clutches . 
	 2.Example sentence: He dashed madly for the next elbow turn in the draw , and made it . 
	 3.Example sentence: He clambered out of the dwindling wash , the loose dirt flying behind him , and flashed a look about . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then they had always been romping around him on these walks , yelping with delight , dashing off into the bushes on fruitless hunting expeditions , returning to jump up on him triumphantly with muddy paws . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('expect.v.01.expect')
Frequency of Synset('expect.v.01'): 200  (regard something as probable or likely)
	 1.Example sentence: A Michigan soldier stationed in Georgia wrote in 1864 : `` I expect to be tough as a knott as soon as I get over the Georgia Shitts '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: But the scene was not the quiet , calm scene I 'd expected . 
	 3.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 4.Example sentence: Harris J. Griston , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' . 

Frequency of Synset('ask.v.04'): 48  (consider obligatory; request and expect)
	 1.Example sentence: It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , in addition , required kosher food . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: Killpath said , `` You were expected to report to my office twenty minutes ago , Sergeant . 
	 4.Example sentence: During the decade that followed , the common man , as that piece put it , grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled from behind Saint Woodrow ( Wilson ) only to learn from Science , to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow - that there was a chemical formula for him , and that too much could n't be expected of him . 

Frequency of Synset('expect.v.03'): 42  (look forward to the probable occurrence of)
	 1.Example sentence: He would have had ample time to go into a blind somewhere and wait his prey . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not when she 'd waited so long already . 
	 3.Example sentence: This habit had become so fixed over the years that it seemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I 've been waiting to get these things done for months '' , she said . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('get_well.v.01.get_over')
Frequency of Synset('traverse.v.01'): 53  (travel across or pass over)
	 1.Example sentence: Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls . 
	 2.Example sentence: Crossing the 4000 - foot width of the Mekong at Champassak , on a raft with an outboard motor , we took off our dusty shirts and enjoyed a veritable ocean breeze . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had not covered a hundred yards before a gun crashed from somewhere behind . 

Frequency of Synset('overcome.v.02'): 13  (get on top of; deal with successfully)
	 1.Example sentence: I lived in this onward driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Good field techniques will not only equip linguists for better work , but also help them overcome negative attitudes . 
	 3.Example sentence: I mean something more like Freud 's concept of the utility of `` play '' to a small child : he plays `` house '' or `` doctor '' or `` fireman '' as a way of mastering slightly frightening experiences , reliving them imaginatively until they are under control . 
	 4.Example sentence: So instead of being tests of the South 's loyalty , the Spanish War , the two World Wars , and the Korean War all served to overcome old grievances and cement reunion . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('suffer.v.01.suffer')
Frequency of Synset('suffer.v.01'): 19  (undergo or be subjected to)
	 1.Example sentence: Johnny Rebs from the deep South who were plagued with diarrhoea after transfer to the Virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the `` the Virginia quickstep '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: And now , in March , all Laos suffered a state of siege . 
	 3.Example sentence: He seemed to remember reading somewhere that Abyssinians had large litters , and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens . 
	 4.Example sentence: If he dwelt on the indignities he suffered he would lose all respect for her , and without the respect he might lose his view of her , too . 

Frequency of Synset('suffer.v.02'): 25  (undergo (as of injuries and illnesses))
	 1.Example sentence: Sadie , like Beth March , suffered ill health - got rheumatic fever and had to be careful of her heart - but that never dampened her spirits . 
	 2.Example sentence: But Johnson could n't quickly unwire the truck door , and if I escaped , he might suffer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Before the fight was over , the Harlem boy had a concussion and Trig was cut up badly . 
	 4.Example sentence: - Held out of Texas Tech 's sweat suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle Richard Stafford , who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders ' 38 - 7 loss to Texas A+M . 

Frequency of Synset('digest.v.03'): 36  (put up with something or somebody unpleasant)
	 1.Example sentence: Can they stand rigid scrutiny ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Shakespeare 's wit and wisdom , his profound insight into human nature , have stood the test of centuries . 
	 3.Example sentence: In any case but the last , such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual ; the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining . 
	 4.Example sentence: Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('table.n.02.table')
Frequency of Synset('table.n.01'): 52  (a set of data arranged in rows and columns)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , for convenience we will stick to the idea that information can be classified according to Table 1 . 
	 3.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 4.Example sentence: Of types of message listed in Table 1 , commands and statements are the only ones sent through the vertical network shown in Figure 3 . 

Frequency of Synset('table.n.02'): 25  (a piece of furniture having a smooth flat top that is usually supported by one or more vertical legs)
	 1.Example sentence: Save for brief periods in garrison or winter quarters , soldiers rarely enjoyed the luxury of a writing desk or table . 
	 2.Example sentence: a lighted lamp stood on the table that dusky , drizzling day . 
	 3.Example sentence: It dawns on you that instead of a lump to fill the seat across the bridge table from you , he was a man , and that because Gratt Shafer was making you miserable , you were passing it down to him , to Gratt Shafer 's substitute , that other guy . 
	 4.Example sentence: He put the shells on the table , as though he could no longer bear to hold them . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('usual.a.01.usual')
Frequency of Synset('usual.a.01'): 28  (occurring or encountered or experienced or observed frequently or in accordance with regular practice or procedure)
	 1.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then on Monday morning - or it might have to be Tuesday - get up and leave just the usual time , and last thing , put the money in an envelope under the old woman 's purse there in the drawer . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was not enough room to make the usual vertical bomb run . 
	 4.Example sentence: Back at the Factory-to-You with the other old maids , back there she was the youngest clerk and she was thirty-four , which made her young enough to resent the usual ideal working conditions , like the unventilated toilet with the door you had to hold shut while you sat down . 

Frequency of Synset('common.s.04'): 11  (commonly encountered)
	 1.Example sentence: The most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives . 
	 2.Example sentence: Historically re is the formative that is employed also in republic , and al is the common suffix . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had picked out this pathless trail , instead of the common one , in a moment of romantic fancy , to give them privacy on their honeymoon . 
	 4.Example sentence: My great grandmother , I have been told , made her garden her great pride ; she cherished rare and delicate plants like oleanders in tubs and wall-flowers and lemon verbenas in pots that had to be wintered in the cellar ; she filled the waste spots of the yard with common things like the garden heliotrope in a corner by the woodshed , and the plantain lilies along the west side of the house . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('get_down.v.07.commence')
Frequency of Synset('get_down.v.07'): 436  (take the first step or steps in carrying out an action)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth 's glance began to flicker to his watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 4.Example sentence: The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman . 

Frequency of Synset('begin.v.03'): 76  (set in motion, cause to start)
	 1.Example sentence: The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university . 
	 2.Example sentence: To secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 
	 4.Example sentence: And they sat down and began their little coffee party . 

Frequency of Synset('start.v.06'): 14  (get off the ground)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , in the last few years , a number of programs which looked very promising at the time their development was commenced have since been completely eliminated . 
	 2.Example sentence: This project was started at a time when there was a critical need for a high energy fuel to provide an extra margin of range for high performance aircraft , particularly our heavy bombers . 
	 3.Example sentence: At about the time the Marsden enterprise was getting under way , the Vail Light and Lumber Company started construction of a chair stock factory on the site of the present Bennington Co-operative Creamery , intending to use its surplus power for generating electricity . 
	 4.Example sentence: This operation was started at 5 : 00 p.m. and lasted for 29 minutes . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('count.v.02.count')
Frequency of Synset('count.v.01'): 22  (determine the number or amount of)
	 1.Example sentence: Count what you 've got there , Cobb . 
	 2.Example sentence: The King Arthur had fifty-four overnighters , again counting rooms rather than people . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Think I can n't count '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Local jobs can be seen and counted , while opportunities elsewhere are regarded as more hypothetical . 

Frequency of Synset('consider.v.04'): 35  (show consideration for; take into account)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the Hotel Dumont there had , at the time in issue , been twenty-three overnighters , counting couples as singular . 
	 4.Example sentence: Rather he weighs each phonologic fact in the light of its orthographic usefulness . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('conclude.v.04.close')
Frequency of Synset('close.v.01'): 40  (move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut)
	 1.Example sentence: Curt followed , reaching behind him to shut the door and hook it . 
	 2.Example sentence: In fact , he did not think about Jerry Burton at all until he entered his living room and closed the door behind him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Everything else is closed away . 
	 4.Example sentence: But when waves with a period of between 10 and 40 minutes begin to roll over the ocean , they set in motion a corresponding oscillation in a column of mercury which closes an electric circuit . 

Frequency of Synset('close.v.02'): 21  (become closed)
	 1.Example sentence: Doors that won n't open , and doors that won n't close and shelves and broken '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The 7 : 45 bell rang and he could hear the outside doors bang shut , closing in the assembled day watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: Greg 's fingers closed on the stick trigger . 
	 4.Example sentence: On these posts the gates swung open with a squeak and shut with a metallic clang . 

Frequency of Synset('close_up.v.01'): 19  (cease to operate or cause to cease operating)
	 1.Example sentence: Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks . 
	 2.Example sentence: That summer the gambling houses were closed , despite the threats of Pierre Ameaux , a gaming-card manufacturer . 
	 3.Example sentence: She had taken him out of the schoolhouse and closed the school for the summer , after she saw Miss Snow crack Joel across the face with a ruler for letting a snake loose in the schoolroom . 
	 4.Example sentence: Allied Arts then notified us that the Kirov would cut short its Los Angeles booking , fly here to open Nov. 28 , and close Dec. 2 . 

Frequency of Synset('close.v.04'): 13  (finish or terminate (meetings, speeches, etc.))
	 1.Example sentence: The angriest young man in Newport last night was at the Playhouse , where `` Epitaph for George Dillon '' opened as the jazz festival closed . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , readers who accept Freud 's findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams , should ponder over the following words in his Interpretation Of Dreams , Chapter 1 , : `` as a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , and what is more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain , nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: There is for example , a stunning Krakowiak that closes the first act ; the mazurka choreographed by Witold Zapala to music from Moniuszko 's opera , `` Strasny Dwor ' , may be the most beautiful mazurka you are likely ever to see ; there is an enchanting polonaise ; and the dances and songs from the Tatras contain a magnificent dance for the men . 
	 4.Example sentence: In eight states whose fiscal years close on June 30 , a majority of their cities close their fiscal year on December 31 : ( Georgia , Iowa , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Minnesota , Virginia , and South Carolina ) . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('address.v.04.address')
Frequency of Synset('address.v.01'): 13  (speak to)
	 1.Example sentence: Next he addressed himself to our souls . 
	 2.Example sentence: And Carla , watching in wonder , turned to Sam . 
	 3.Example sentence: He turned to George and Lolotte . 
	 4.Example sentence: He turned to his platoon . 

Frequency of Synset('address.v.02'): 16  (give a speech to)
	 1.Example sentence: In September ' 76 Thomas Huxley , Darwin 's famous disciple , came from England to speak in a crowded auditorium at the formal opening of the University ; and although it was a school for men only , it afforded Henrietta an opportunity to attend its public lectures . 
	 2.Example sentence: The collective by which I address you in the title above is neither patronizing nor jocose but an exact industrial term in use among professional thieves . 
	 3.Example sentence: He spoke briefly , sensibly , to the point and without oratorical flourishes He made good , plain American common sense and the House usually recognized it and acted upon it . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Mayor spoke yesterday at the United Irish Counties Feis on the Hunter College Campus in the Bronx . 

Frequency of Synset('cover.v.05'): 63  (act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression)
	 1.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 2.Example sentence: For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the steprelationship . 
	 3.Example sentence: One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : 
	 4.Example sentence: Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('perform.v.01.perform')
Frequency of Synset('perform.v.01'): 196  (carry out or perform an action)
	 1.Example sentence: Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters ' sons to retain in camp Negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` That 's the last one we did . 
	 3.Example sentence: My lovely caller - Joyce Holland was her name - had previously done three filmed commercials for ZING , and this evening , the fourth , a super production , had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor . 
	 4.Example sentence: What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor 's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes - and handbag containing her identification . 

Frequency of Synset('perform.v.02'): 19  (perform a function)
	 1.Example sentence: Yet the highly anxious child suffered a tremendous disadvantage only in the unstructured school , and performed as well or better than average in the structured setting . 
	 2.Example sentence: If the last day ( due date ) for performing any act for tax purposes , such as filing a return or making a tax payment , etc. , falls on Saturday , Sunday , or a legal holiday , you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday , Sunday , or legal holiday . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the last day ( due date ) for performing any act for tax purposes , such as filing a return or making a tax payment , etc. , falls on Saturday , Sunday , or a legal holiday , you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday , Sunday , or legal holiday . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a properly ordered society the massive force of public law performs the function which in natural law theory ineptly is left altogether to a small voice so often still . 

Frequency of Synset('perform.v.03'): 19  (give a performance (of something))
	 1.Example sentence: And she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December . 
	 2.Example sentence: We attended the premieres of his concertos , symphonies , and suites ; we studied , taught , and performed his piano sonatas , chamber music , gavottes , and marches ; we bought his records and played them in our schools and universities . 
	 3.Example sentence: The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce , the politicians are in fine voice , the chorines evoke happy memories , and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again . 
	 4.Example sentence: I saw `` Fiorello ! '' performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good , and perhaps better . 

Frequency of Synset('do.v.03'): 125  (get (something) done)
	 1.Example sentence: Together they had probably done more than any other men to help push Laos toward the 20 th century - constructively . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I 've done several filmed commercials for - '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` It depends on who does it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('message.n.01.message')
Frequency of Synset('message.n.01'): 19  (a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled)
	 1.Example sentence: Sometimes these servants wrote or dictated for enclosure with the letters of their soldier masters messages to their relatives and to members of their owners ' families . 
	 2.Example sentence: They also furnish proof that , in modern war , message sending must be monitored . 
	 3.Example sentence: Alexander the Great , who used runners as message carriers , did not have to worry about having every officer in his command hear what he said and having hundreds of them comment at once . 
	 4.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 

Frequency of Synset('message.n.02'): 19  (what a communication that is about something is about)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: As a word of caution , we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types , question , command , statement , or exclamation . 
	 3.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 4.Example sentence: In spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group , the * * f incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if N exceeds about six . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('conduct.v.01.carry_on')
Frequency of Synset('conduct.v.01'): 45  (direct the course of; manage or control)
	 1.Example sentence: There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves . 
	 2.Example sentence: Unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with sweethearts at home . 
	 3.Example sentence: conduct , encourage , and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for converting saline water into water suitable for beneficial consumptive purposes ; 
	 4.Example sentence: conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; 

Frequency of Synset('continue.v.03'): 49  (keep or maintain in unaltered condition; cause to remain or last)
	 1.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 2.Example sentence: Equally a master of prose and verse , he recreates the glory of Sweden in the past and continues it into the present . 
	 3.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 

Frequency of Synset('continue.v.02'): 49  (continue talking;  he continued,)
	 1.Example sentence: From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self . 
	 2.Example sentence: Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . 
	 3.Example sentence: Joyce went on , `` When we 'd finished , Lou - Mr. Thor - asked me to stay a little longer . 
	 4.Example sentence: She went on : 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('uncover.v.01.reveal')
Frequency of Synset('uncover.v.01'): 37  (make visible)
	 1.Example sentence: This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book , `` A Hero 's Funeral '' , written in the form of an impassioned prose poem . 
	 2.Example sentence: Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19 th century America , these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling . 
	 3.Example sentence: Its contents are another matter , for they reveal the kinds of interests pursued by the congregation . 
	 4.Example sentence: A glance revealed that the main topgallant mast had been carried away . 

Frequency of Synset('unwrap.v.02'): 48  (make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret)
	 1.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 2.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 3.Example sentence: He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld ; nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose . 
	 4.Example sentence: And when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face , not letting on he had been there with Alberto . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('leftover.s.01.left')
Frequency of Synset('left.a.01'): 31  (being or located on or directed toward the side of the body to the west when facing north)
	 1.Example sentence: While several yards from it , still concealed by the shrubbery , she 'd seen two men on her left at the pool 's edge . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two uniformed officers , a couple of plain-clothesmen I knew , and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the first shot Russ had hurled his mount to the left toward the side of the winding draw . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Uhhu '' , she said , hardly listening as she studied her left eyelid . 

Frequency of Synset('leftover.s.01'): 12  (not used up)
	 1.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: , what voices would be left ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Well , after everybody has followed the New England pattern of segregating one 's children into private schools , only the poor folks are left . 
	 4.Example sentence: What we have left as reasonably comparable are four classes : ( 1 ) body parts and products , which with a proportionally nearly even representation ( 51 terms out of 253 , 25 out of 100 ) come out with nearly even ratios ; 2.6 and 2.7 ; ( 2 ) Nature ( 29 terms against 17 ) , ratios 3.3 versus 4.1 ; ( 3 ) adjectives ( 16 , 15 terms ) , ratios 3.9 versus 4.7 ; ( 4 ) verbs ( 9 , 22 terms ) , ratios 4.0 versus 3.4 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('behavior.n.01.conduct')
Frequency of Synset('behavior.n.01'): 33  (manner of acting or controlling yourself)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . 
	 3.Example sentence: Blanche knew something must be causing Stanley 's new , strange behavior but she never once connected it with Kitti Walker . 
	 4.Example sentence: Similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field . 

Frequency of Synset('demeanor.n.01'): 11  ((behavioral attributes) the way a person behaves toward other people)
	 1.Example sentence: Eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his condescending , `` You 're welcome '' , was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor , over these months , on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note , each time , that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor suffered again on the morrow . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , the theory that the determining influence of the hypothalamic balance has a profound influence on the clinical behavior of neuropsychiatric patients has not yet been tested on an adequate number of patients . 
	 3.Example sentence: If this is the case , one would expect that not only the various procedures just mentioned which alter the hypothalamic balance would influence emotional state and behavior but that emotion itself would act likewise . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems , as a first approximation , it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic cortical discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various moods and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances , in experimental and clinical neurosis , and as the result of psychopharmacological agents . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('function.n.02.use')
Frequency of Synset('use.n.01'): 106  (the act of using)
	 1.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 2.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 3.Example sentence: Carbon resistors and impurity doped germanium resistors have been investigated for use as precision secondary thermometers in the liquid helium temperature region . 
	 4.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 

Frequency of Synset('function.n.02'): 70  (what something is used for)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration . 
	 3.Example sentence: On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('chap.n.01.fellow')
Frequency of Synset('chap.n.01'): 16  (a boy or man)
	 1.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 2.Example sentence: A Massachusetts soldier , who seems to have been a Civil War version of Bill Mauldin , wrote : `` The officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pat paused there , looking across at the young fellow . 
	 4.Example sentence: Joseph Jastrow , the younger son of the distinguished rabbi , Marcus Jastrow , was a friendly , round-faced fellow with a little mustache , whose field was psychology , and who was also a punster and a jolly tease . 

Frequency of Synset('companion.n.01'): 16  (a friend who is frequently in the company of another)
	 1.Example sentence: Another reported that his comrades were `` in fine spirits pitching around like a blind dog in a meat house '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: A Texan wrote to a male companion at home : `` What has become of Halda and Laura ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Charles Thiot , a splendid Georgia soldier , differed from most of his comrades in the ranks in that he was the owner of a large plantation , well-educated , and nearly fifty years of age . 
	 4.Example sentence: Occasionally gay young blades would write vividly to boon companions at home about their amorous exploits in Richmond , Petersburg , Washington , or Nashville . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('combat.n.01.combat')
Frequency of Synset('combat.n.01'): 13  (an engagement fought between two military forces)
	 1.Example sentence: Initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions . 
	 2.Example sentence: And Sweeney Squadron put its first marks on the combat record . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was a feeling that this mission would be canceled like all the others and that this muddy wet dark world of combat would go on forever . 
	 4.Example sentence: The forces to be supported include an Army of 14 divisions and 870000 men ; a Navy of 817 active ships and 619000 men ; a Marine Corps of 3 divisions and 3 air wings with 175000 men ; and an Air Force of 91 combat wings and 825000 men . 

Frequency of Synset('fight.n.02'): 16  (the act of fighting; any contest or struggle)
	 1.Example sentence: Whoever was out there hiding in the brushy cover was besieging the Antler house and , having spotted his approach , was determined to drive him off before he could get into the fight . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then suddenly we found ourselves in the middle of another fight , an irrational , an indecent , an undeclared and immoral war with our strongest ( and some had thought noblest ) ally . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could not grasp that Lord had withdrawn from the fight minutes ago , and that his leaden arms were flailing at nothing but the air . 
	 4.Example sentence: In combat , helping your CO make a fool of himself might mean getting yourself killed . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('military_officer.n.01.officer')
Frequency of Synset('military_officer.n.01'): 39  (any person in the armed services who holds a position of authority or command)
	 1.Example sentence: Some of the choicest remarks made by soldiers in their letters were in disparagement of unpopular officers . 
	 2.Example sentence: A Floridian stated that his officers were `` not fit to tote guts to a bear '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Similar comments about officers are to be found in the letters of Northern soldiers . 
	 4.Example sentence: A Massachusetts soldier , who seems to have been a Civil War version of Bill Mauldin , wrote : `` The officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks . 

Frequency of Synset('officeholder.n.01'): 23  (someone who is appointed or elected to an office and who holds a position of trust)
	 1.Example sentence: In addition , the right to vote the General Motors stock held by du Pont was to be vested in du Pont 's stockholders , other than Christiana and Delaware and the stockholders of Delaware ; du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be enjoined from acquiring stock in or exercising control over General Motors ; du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be prohibited to have any director or officer in common with General Motors , and vice versa ; and General Motors and du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies . 
	 2.Example sentence: Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director , officer , or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors , and no director , officer , or employee of du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval . 
	 3.Example sentence: Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director , officer , or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors , and no director , officer , or employee of du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval . 
	 4.Example sentence: Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director , officer , or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors , and no director , officer , or employee of du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('unusual.a.01.unusual')
Frequency of Synset('unusual.a.01'): 24  (not usual or common or ordinary)
	 1.Example sentence: On December 9 , 1862 , Sergeant Edwin H. Fay , an unusual Louisianan who held A. B. and M. A. degrees from Harvard University and who before the war was headmaster of a private school for boys in Louisiana , wrote his wife : 
	 2.Example sentence: Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp . 
	 3.Example sentence: He also reminded himself that he had an unusual number of possibilities . 
	 4.Example sentence: An advanced student has read a considerable number of descriptions of consonantal systems , including some of the more unusual types . 

Frequency of Synset('strange.a.01'): 24  (being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even a bit weird)
	 1.Example sentence: Anything at all strange ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Blanche knew something must be causing Stanley 's new , strange behavior but she never once connected it with Kitti Walker . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus in his friends are stranger than his sisters ' strong stresses are normal for his and sisters ' , but in his friends are stranger than his sisters strong stresses are normal for friends and sisters . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus in his friends are stranger than his sisters ' strong stresses are normal for his and sisters ' , but in his friends are stranger than his sisters strong stresses are normal for friends and sisters . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('material.n.01.material')
Frequency of Synset('material.n.01'): 78  (the tangible substance that goes into the makeup of a physical object)
	 1.Example sentence: A Massachusetts soldier , who seems to have been a Civil War version of Bill Mauldin , wrote : `` The officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: With a large and circumspect 20 th Century technique , he wove the materials of national heroes and events , national folklore and children 's fairy tales - Slavic dances and love songs - into a solid musical literature which served his people well , and is providing much enjoyment to the World at large . 
	 4.Example sentence: Later abstractive and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value , but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience . 

Frequency of Synset('material.n.02'): 34  (information (data or ideas or observations) that can be used or reworked into a finished form)
	 1.Example sentence: A second explanation is suggested by the material described in Rowlands ' paper . 
	 2.Example sentence: Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials , and his flair for orchestrations - his brilliant Petruchka , his savage Sacre du Printemps , his incisive Les Noces - the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed . 
	 3.Example sentence: That is why the form itself becomes a preoccupation , because it exists as a problem separate from the material it accommodates . 
	 4.Example sentence: The mimetic character of the imaginative consciousness tends to express itself in the presentation of artistic forms and materials . 

Frequency of Synset('fabric.n.01'): 17  (artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synthetic fibers)
	 1.Example sentence: This , however , did not bar finding that du Pont had become pre-eminent as a supplier of automotive fabrics and finishes to General Motors ; that these products constituted a `` line of commerce '' within the meaning of the Clayton Act ; that General Motors ' share of the market for these products was substantial ; and that competition for this share of the market was endangered by the financial relationship between the two concerns : 
	 2.Example sentence: In a total blockade , action could also be taken against ships bringing in chemicals , oils , textiles , and even foodstuffs . 
	 3.Example sentence: He improvised as he went along , completing a life-size clay figure , then bought yards of an inexpensive material from a draper , wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that Argiento brought from the bank of the Tiber , to the consistency of thick mud . 
	 4.Example sentence: He improvised as he went along , completing a life-size clay figure , then bought yards of an inexpensive material from a draper , wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that Argiento brought from the bank of the Tiber , to the consistency of thick mud . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('wish.v.03.wish')
Frequency of Synset('wish.v.01'): 36  (hope for; have a wish)
	 1.Example sentence: For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door . 
	 2.Example sentence: Neither was Henrietta hoydenish like Jo , who frankly wished she were a boy and had deliberately shortened her name , which , like Henrietta 's , was the feminine form of a boy 's name . 
	 3.Example sentence: He rather wished he had never got into the business , and still - scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy money . 
	 4.Example sentence: New Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence , as Jefferson explained in his `` Autobiography '' : `` The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia , who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it . 

Frequency of Synset('wish.v.02'): 107  (prefer or wish to do something)
	 1.Example sentence: `` You might as well wait here while I 'm gone , so you can use my shower if you 'd like '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course , I would like to go to an out-of-town school where there are all kinds of people , but I would want lots of Jewish kids there '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('prevail.v.04.prevail')
Frequency of Synset('predominate.v.01'): 19  (be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance)
	 1.Example sentence: The classical lines of the church which Napoleon thought of as a Temple of Glory , dominated all the scene where we sat . 
	 2.Example sentence: A similar tone of underlying futility and despair pervades the spy thrillers of Eric Ambler and dominates the most famous of all American mystery stories , Dashiell Hammett 's The Maltese Falcon . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hence the prime issue , as I see it , is whether a democratic or free society can master technology for the benefit of mankind , or whether technology will rule and develop its own society compatible with its own needs as a force of nature . 
	 4.Example sentence: If , in the trustee 's judgment , `` reasonable market conditions '' did not prevail during any given year , he was to be allowed to petition the court for an extension of time within the ten year period . 

Frequency of Synset('prevail.v.03'): 18  (continue to exist)
	 1.Example sentence: According to the theory proposed , this is a consequence of the severe condition of perceived threat that persists unabated for the anxious child in an ambiguous sort of school environment . 
	 2.Example sentence: One of the most damaging tsunami on record followed the famous Lisbon earthquake of November 1 , 1755 ; its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast . 
	 3.Example sentence: The strains of neutralism are running strong , notably in England , and even in Germany . 
	 4.Example sentence: Belief in the traditional way of life persists much more in the older states than in the new ones . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('range.v.01.range')
Frequency of Synset('range.v.01'): 41  (change or be different within limits)
	 1.Example sentence: His expenses ran another four or five thousand . 
	 2.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 3.Example sentence: The crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six , with a half-life for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes . 
	 4.Example sentence: The crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six , with a half-life for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes . 

Frequency of Synset('roll.v.12'): 23  (move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment)
	 1.Example sentence: A dominant motive is the poet 's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Those souls like to wander off , and must be called back . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs . 
	 4.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 

Frequency of Synset('rate.v.01'): 18  (assign a rank or rating to)
	 1.Example sentence: An objective scale was developed for rating school neighborhoods from these data . 
	 2.Example sentence: For instance , the following statement was rated low in compulsivity , `` She 's naturally quite neat about things , but it does n't bother her at all if her room gets messy . 
	 3.Example sentence: The modern student , who knows what was to come next , is likely to place first the factors of change which are visible in the eighth century . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is brought to packing houses , cleaned and graded as to size and quality , and packed in protective excelsior . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('set.n.05.set')
Frequency of Synset('set.n.01'): 23  (a group of things of the same kind that belong together and are so used)
	 1.Example sentence: A set of tables containing spectral intensities for 39000 lines of 70 elements , as observed in a copper matrix in a d-c arc , was completed and published . 
	 2.Example sentence: Often , therefore , there are a number of rules having the same effect , and commonly other sets of rules as well , having the opposite effect . 
	 3.Example sentence: A. E. Sharp , in Vowel-Length and Syllabicity in Kikuyu , examines one set of related orthographic questions and its phonologic background in detail . 
	 4.Example sentence: He went down to Mills and Bradley 's Hardware Store and bought a full set of carpenter 's tools , including a rotary power saw and several other pieces of power machinery that Mr. Mills said were essential for babbiting and doweling , whatever they were . 

Frequency of Synset('set.n.02'): 14  ((mathematics) an abstract collection of numbers or symbols)
	 1.Example sentence: The greatest difference in the two sets of figures is due to differences in the two sets of lists used . 
	 2.Example sentence: What does the camping couple do to this set of figures ? 
	 3.Example sentence: This theorem is similar to the theorem of Kakutani that there exists a circumscribing cube around any closed , bounded convex set in **f . 
	 4.Example sentence: The set of intersections of **f , the rotated curve , with the original curve C consists of just the set of forward corner points on C corresponding to the vertex at **f , plus the vertex itself . 

Frequency of Synset('set.n.05'): 22  (an unofficial association of people or groups)
	 1.Example sentence: Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said `` states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law governed countries . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oldenburg 's contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town 's learned , such as the pastor , to supplement the simple teaching . 
	 3.Example sentence: A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that `` they were the hardest looking set of men that Ever i saw they Looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and shavings '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a similar vein , but writing from the opposite side , Thomas Taylor , a private in the 6 th Alabama Volunteers , in a letter to his wife , stated : `` You know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe By a set of cowardly Skunks whose Motto is Booty . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('batch.n.02.heap')
Frequency of Synset('pile.n.01'): 12  (a collection of objects laid on top of each other)
	 1.Example sentence: Deputy coroner says it looks like he sucked in a big pile of those thick suds and strangled on ' em . 
	 2.Example sentence: They lay on the cellar floor in a disorderly pile . 
	 3.Example sentence: Without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling , which he then stained and waxed according to his taste . 
	 4.Example sentence: Just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package . 

Frequency of Synset('batch.n.02'): 15  ((often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 3.Example sentence: Must have cost plenty . 
	 4.Example sentence: That was more like a thought , but not a great deal more . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fear.n.01.fear')
Frequency of Synset('fear.n.01'): 61  (an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usually accompanied by a desire to flee or fight))
	 1.Example sentence: The first rattle of the machine guns , at 7 : 10 in the evening , roused around me the varied voices and faces of fear . 
	 2.Example sentence: Throughout the land their hit-and-run terrorists spread fear of ambush and death . 
	 3.Example sentence: After this holocaust , a changing world occupied the minds of men ; a world beset with new boundaries , new treaties and governments , new goals and methods , and the age-old fears of aggression and subjugation - hunger and exposure . 
	 4.Example sentence: Beaten with fear and sound and wet and chill , they crawled to the hurricane deck and looked out haggardly at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills . 

Frequency of Synset('concern.n.02'): 15  (an anxious feeling)
	 1.Example sentence: We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes . 
	 2.Example sentence: She had skipped her lunch hour in the fear that he might call while she was out . 
	 3.Example sentence: And now she was feeling sick , both from concern about Stanley and hunger . 
	 4.Example sentence: Where the industry 's product price has been kept below the `` profit maximizing '' and `` entry limiting '' prices due to fears of public reaction , the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('worry.v.02.worry')
Frequency of Synset('worry.v.01'): 31  (be worried, concerned, anxious, troubled, or uneasy)
	 1.Example sentence: Acourse there 's this deal o ' Denny 's - and Jackie 's - kinda hangin ' fire , ai n't it , maybe you 've been kinda worryin ' over that . 
	 2.Example sentence: You do n't need worry , Angelo . 
	 3.Example sentence: No need leave a note with it , either - or maybe just something like , Do n't worry about me , I 'm going away to make a better life . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` We won n't live long enough if I wait for you , besides which you do n't need to worry - there 'll be plenty more '' . 

Frequency of Synset('concern.v.02'): 25  (be on the mind of)
	 1.Example sentence: After this holocaust , a changing world occupied the minds of men ; a world beset with new boundaries , new treaties and governments , new goals and methods , and the age-old fears of aggression and subjugation - hunger and exposure . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus Burns 's `` My love is like a red , red rose '' and Hopkins ' `` The thunder-purple sea beach , plumed purple of thunder '' although clearly intelligible in content , hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned . 
	 3.Example sentence: Let us quote once more from R. G. Collingwood : `` History is properly concerned with the actions of human beings . 
	 4.Example sentence: These moments are historical events in the lives of individual authors with which the student of comparative literature must be frequently concerned . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('inside.r.02.inside')
Frequency of Synset('inside.r.01'): 19  (within a building)
	 1.Example sentence: Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . 
	 2.Example sentence: Forced behind him momentarily , Russ followed at once and halted two steps inside . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could hear horses moving around inside , and nothing else . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You had better get inside '' , he warned her . 

Frequency of Synset('inside.r.02'): 12  (on the inside)
	 1.Example sentence: Or was it another revolt inside Vientiane ? 
	 2.Example sentence: And Mr. Skyros did n't like Angie , but what with Prettyman and three of his boys inside , and not likely to come out - And Angie such a valuable salesman , Prettyman said - All the nuisance and danger of getting in touch with practically a whole new bunch of boys - Why did everything have to happen at once ? 
	 3.Example sentence: If he sees the heroic in a Sartoris or a Sutpen , he sees also - and he shows - the blind and the mean , and he sees the Compson family disintegrating from within . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then he was striding across the room , his thoughts confused but the worry building swiftly inside him as he snatched up the note . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('about.r.03.around')
Frequency of Synset('about.r.03'): 27  (in the area or vicinity)
	 1.Example sentence: The din was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around . 
	 2.Example sentence: My man , he won n't be around a little while , he just fixed me up with this stuff they took out of the Elite . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` A lot of people are so peculiar that they do n't like cats , it 's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens - and , damn it , you know very well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away ! 
	 4.Example sentence: But of course the paterollers won n't be of any help , not with everything so upset and that Yankee cavalry outfit they say is running around , God knows where '' . 

Frequency of Synset('approximately.r.01'): 62  ((of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct)
	 1.Example sentence: In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by Thayer , who could charge off one room on his expense account . 
	 2.Example sentence: About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . 
	 3.Example sentence: The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . 
	 4.Example sentence: The fast opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately * * f ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('city.n.01.city')
Frequency of Synset('city.n.01'): 110  (a large and densely populated urban area; may include several independent administrative districts)
	 1.Example sentence: And no wonder , for Vientiane , the old City of Sandalwood , had become the City of Bullet Holes . 
	 2.Example sentence: And no wonder , for Vientiane , the old City of Sandalwood , had become the City of Bullet Holes . 
	 3.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 

Frequency of Synset('city.n.02'): 13  (an incorporated administrative district established by state charter)
	 1.Example sentence: The city had recently given him a small salary , but it was not enough to supply even necessities . 
	 2.Example sentence: But this is a public park and it 's a city ordinance that the statues cannot be crawled on '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Shaw and Skorich headed a group of players , coaches and team officials who received an engrossed copy of an official city citation and a pair of silver cufflinks shaped like a football . 
	 4.Example sentence: Meanwhile , the city itself should be talked to . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('airplane.n.01.plane')
Frequency of Synset('airplane.n.01'): 21  (an aircraft that has a fixed wing and is powered by propellers or jets)
	 1.Example sentence: I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets . 
	 2.Example sentence: We flew in rickety planes so overloaded that we wondered why they did n't crash . 
	 3.Example sentence: Before the airplanes came , he said , travel in Laos was just about impossible . 
	 4.Example sentence: Every plane that could fly was sent into the air . 

Frequency of Synset('plane.n.02'): 16  ((mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape)
	 1.Example sentence: Long observation has taught Mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential planes : a foreground in sharp focus - either a light area with dark accents or a dark one with lights ; a middle distance often containing the major motif ; and a background , usually a silhouetted form foiled against the sky . 
	 2.Example sentence: And how very often a water plane is featured in his landscapes , and how appropriate that he should appear in American Artist again , in his natal month of March ! 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus every part and plane of the picture keeps changing place in relative depth with every other part and plane ; and it is as if the only stable relation left among the different parts of the picture is the ambivalent and ambiguous one that each has with the surface . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus every part and plane of the picture keeps changing place in relative depth with every other part and plane ; and it is as if the only stable relation left among the different parts of the picture is the ambivalent and ambiguous one that each has with the surface . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('stead.n.01.place')
Frequency of Synset('topographic_point.n.01'): 67  (a point located with respect to surface features of some region)
	 1.Example sentence: The most important aims of the Jewish students were as follows : to make the world a better place to live in - 30 per cent ; to get happiness for yourself - 28 per cent ; and financial independence - 21 per cent . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 
	 3.Example sentence: Probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security . 
	 4.Example sentence: the term `` State '' includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any possession of the United States ; and the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof , or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof . 

Frequency of Synset('place.n.02'): 40  (any area set aside for a particular purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: Russ visited two places without result and his blood pressure was down to zero . 
	 2.Example sentence: He tramped out of the Miners Rest with his hopes plummeting , and headed doggedly for the Palace Saloon , the last place of any consequence on this side of the street . 
	 3.Example sentence: The front windows of the place were long and narrow , reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior . 
	 4.Example sentence: While five minutes ago the place had presented a scene of easy revelry , with Gyp Carmer a prominent figure , it was now as somnolent and dull as the day before payday . 

Frequency of Synset('place.n.03'): 19  (an abstract mental location)
	 1.Example sentence: In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . 
	 2.Example sentence: The twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start , and their identification was the barest of starts . 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you evaluated the proper place of advertising and all phases of promotion in your total marketing program - from the standpoint of effort , money , and effectiveness ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Socialism , I grant , has a definite place in our society . 

Frequency of Synset('place.n.04'): 14  (a general vicinity)
	 1.Example sentence: To be Katharine Ross , and work in a nicer shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes , and learn ladies ' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with foreign sounding names , the ones went to the same church and - Different place , different job , different people , she 'd be all different too . 
	 2.Example sentence: They may even enroll a colored student or two for show , though he usually turns out to be from Thailand , or any place other than the American South . 
	 3.Example sentence: Why in the world could n't he live in one place the way everyone else seemed to ? 
	 4.Example sentence: In a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student , while still in school , to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation . 

Frequency of Synset('home.n.01'): 57  (where you live at a particular time)
	 1.Example sentence: This can be done by stories in your house organs , posters , special publications , letters to workers ' homes as well as by word of mouth through your chain of command . 
	 2.Example sentence: In one of his summers at home he married , to the great disapproval of his father , who objected because of his extreme youth . 
	 3.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a periodic review , the local board on July 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1 , - A and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home . 

Frequency of Synset('position.n.06'): 20  (a job in an organization)
	 1.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 2.Example sentence: He sat stiff-backed in a chair that did not swivel , though it was obvious to Gun that Killpath felt his position as acting captain plainly merited a swivel chair . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , it determined that neither this factor , nor `` the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly , each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone , including du Pont 's competitors '' , 353 U. S. , at 607 , outweighed the Government 's claim for relief . 
	 4.Example sentence: The wrong man in the wrong position , perhaps even in a junior position abroad , can be a source of great harm to our policy ; the attitudes of a U.N. delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New York City , or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our Capital , can be easily be directed against the United States and all that it stands for . 

Frequency of Synset('position.n.01'): 30  (the particular portion of space occupied by something)
	 1.Example sentence: The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then at least he would have a place to hang his tools and something to work on . 
	 3.Example sentence: These my grandmother left in their places ( they are still there , more persistent and longer-lived than the generations of man ) and planted others like them , that flourished without careful tending . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first one or two roof boards ( marked `` E '' in fig. 6 ) are slipped into place across the roof beams , from outside the shelter . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('govern.v.03.rule')
Frequency of Synset('govern.v.03'): 15  (exercise authority over; as of nations)
	 1.Example sentence: Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said `` states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law governed countries . 
	 2.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: Bertha Szold was more like Meg , the eldest March girl , who `` learned that a woman 's happiest kingdom is home , her highest honor the art of ruling it , not as a queen , but a wise wife and mother '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: This carried over into the more urbanized late 19 th and early 20 th centuries , when the man ruled the roost in the best bull roaring Life With Father manner . 

Frequency of Synset('predominate.v.01'): 19  (be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance)
	 1.Example sentence: The classical lines of the church which Napoleon thought of as a Temple of Glory , dominated all the scene where we sat . 
	 2.Example sentence: A similar tone of underlying futility and despair pervades the spy thrillers of Eric Ambler and dominates the most famous of all American mystery stories , Dashiell Hammett 's The Maltese Falcon . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hence the prime issue , as I see it , is whether a democratic or free society can master technology for the benefit of mankind , or whether technology will rule and develop its own society compatible with its own needs as a force of nature . 
	 4.Example sentence: If , in the trustee 's judgment , `` reasonable market conditions '' did not prevail during any given year , he was to be allowed to petition the court for an extension of time within the ten year period . 

Frequency of Synset('rule.v.04'): 17  (decide on and make a declaration about)
	 1.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 2.Example sentence: Petitioner was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months ' imprisonment . 
	 3.Example sentence: We found in Gonzales v. United States , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('religion.n.01.faith')
Frequency of Synset('religion.n.01'): 77  (a strong belief in a supernatural power or powers that control human destiny)
	 1.Example sentence: `` What matters here is family loyalty ; faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the phis , the spirits ; and to live in harmony with nature '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . 
	 3.Example sentence: Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Fellowship by likeness '' and `` mission by friendly contact '' form the iron cage of denominational religion . 

Frequency of Synset('religion.n.02'): 15  (an institution to express belief in a divine power)
	 1.Example sentence: He claimed 4 , - D classification as a minister of religion , devoting a minimum of 100 hours a month to preaching . 
	 2.Example sentence: They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction . 
	 3.Example sentence: The reason offered for clinging to the ancestral faith lacked force and authority even in the teen-agers ' minds . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I want to show respect for my parents ' religion '' was the way in which a boy justified his inhabiting a halfway house of Judaism . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('season.n.02.season')
Frequency of Synset('season.n.01'): 40  (a period of the year marked by special events or activities in some field)
	 1.Example sentence: Close to two million game birds were harvested on 1500 commercial and private shooting preserves , and on State Game Commission controlled upland game areas during the 1960 - 61 season . 
	 2.Example sentence: Would you like to organize Teen Hunters Clubs , shooting programs , and have information on seasons including six months of hunting with unlimited game bags on shooting preserves ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Producer John Holmes has chosen a delightful comedy for his season 's opener at Matunuck in Jean Kerr 's `` King of Hearts '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is one of the happier events of the season . 

Frequency of Synset('season.n.02'): 14  (one of the natural periods into which the year is divided by the equinoxes and solstices or atmospheric conditions)
	 1.Example sentence: He spoke of the season of dryness and dust , brought by the monsoon from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the monsoon from the southwest . 
	 2.Example sentence: He spoke of the season of dryness and dust , brought by the monsoon from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the monsoon from the southwest . 
	 3.Example sentence: The desk before him was in no better repair than the rest of the furniture crowded into the room , including wooden file cabinets with some of their pulls yanked off and a wardrobe stained with the roof seepage of countless seasons . 
	 4.Example sentence: Aside from the fact that business was slow this time of year and his one salesgirl was not the most enterprising , Mr. Phillips had no worries at all , and he said as much to Gun Matson , who sat across from him in civilian clothes , on a Jiffy-Couch-a-Bed , mauve velour , $ 79.89 nothing down special ! 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('dust.n.01.dust')
Frequency of Synset('dust.n.01'): 30  (fine powdery material such as dry earth or pollen that can be blown about in the air)
	 1.Example sentence: He spoke of the season of dryness and dust , brought by the monsoon from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the monsoon from the southwest . 
	 2.Example sentence: With our company of soldiers , we made one long column of reddish dust . 
	 3.Example sentence: But our two Jeep mates - Keo Viphakone from Luang Prabang and John Cool from Beaver , Pennsylvania - were beaming under their coatings of dust . 
	 4.Example sentence: Men blew dust on objects in a room on the seventeenth floor of the Hotel Dumont and blew it off again , and did the same in a tiny , almost airless room in a tenement in the West Forties . 

Frequency of Synset('debris.n.01'): 16  (the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up)
	 1.Example sentence: In place of the police headquarters was a new square filled with rubble . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Poynting-Robertson effect ( Robertson , 1937 ; Wyatt and Whipple , 1950 ) , which is a retardation of the orbital motion of particles by the relativistic aberration of the repulsive force of the impinging solar radiation , causes the dust to spiral into the sun in times much shorter than the age of the Earth . 
	 3.Example sentence: Further , the corpuscular radiation , i.e. , the solar wind protons , must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow diminution in size , with a resultant increase in both the Poynting-Robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , planetary gravitational attraction increases the dust concentration near the plane of the ecliptic as the sun is approached . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('aid.n.03.aid')
Frequency of Synset('aid.n.01'): 14  (a resource)
	 1.Example sentence: They supplemented their income by small government assistance , by tutoring and economizing wherever they could . 
	 2.Example sentence: John , an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics , headed the rural development division of USOM , the United States Operations Mission administering U. S. aid . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Holy Father would die soon , she said to Carla , so she could translate for Sam , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: Federal assistance is limited to half of the total expenditure , and the state or local districts must pay at least half . 

Frequency of Synset('aid.n.02'): 56  (the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Call this a cry for help '' , Faith Constable said . 
	 3.Example sentence: Upon such sale , there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale . 
	 4.Example sentence: Kitti had come into the office , on somebody 's recommendation , because she needed help in preparing her income tax return . 

Frequency of Synset('care.n.01'): 14  (the work of providing treatment for or attending to someone or something)
	 1.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both Negro and white , should devote far more attention . 
	 3.Example sentence: Will your trade customers settle for less attention and fewer frills in return for some benefit they can share ? 
	 4.Example sentence: These my grandmother left in their places ( they are still there , more persistent and longer-lived than the generations of man ) and planted others like them , that flourished without careful tending . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sum.n.02.total')
Frequency of Synset('sum.n.05'): 15  (the whole amount)
	 1.Example sentence: Dr. A. V. Astin , NBS Director , opened the 5 - day session with introductory remarks , following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by NBS scientists , from both the Washington and Boulder Laboratories . 
	 2.Example sentence: Throughout the history of the program , state government expenditures in the aggregate have usually matched or exceeded the Federal expenditures , while local districts all together have spent more than either Federal or state governments . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the Smith-Hughes , George-Barden , and National Defense Act of 1958 , the cumulative total of Federal expenditures in 42 years was only about $ 740 million . 
	 4.Example sentence: This probably would require some support for subsistence as well as for tuition , but the total would be no greater than for the proposals of unemployment compensation or a Youth Conservation Corps . 

Frequency of Synset('sum.n.02'): 16  (a quantity obtained by the addition of a group of numbers)
	 1.Example sentence: In six years , U. S. aid had amounted to more than $ 1.60 for each American - a total of three hundred million dollars . 
	 2.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 4.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('endanger.v.01.threaten')
Frequency of Synset('endanger.v.01'): 23  (pose a threat to; present a danger to)
	 1.Example sentence: We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world 's giants . 
	 2.Example sentence: It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form . 
	 3.Example sentence: The threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` gouging the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of endangering relations with customers , Congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases . 
	 4.Example sentence: Strikes threatening the security of the proprietorship , if internally motivated , prevent a healthy relationship . 

Frequency of Synset('threaten.v.02'): 20  (to utter intentions of injury or punishment against:)
	 1.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was a brief interruption while one of O ' Banion 's men jerked out both his guns and threatened to shoot a waiter who was pestering him for a tip . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had cursed at them and threatened them . 
	 4.Example sentence: William Lewis made the rounds of all who lived near him again , that August morning after a bullet landed at his feet , and once more he accused and threatened everyone . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('reality.n.03.reality')
Frequency of Synset('world.n.03'): 51  (all of your experiences that determine how things appear to you)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 2.Example sentence: Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . 
	 3.Example sentence: For one thing , the world that Beckett sees is already shattered . 
	 4.Example sentence: Didi and Gogo hover on the edge of suicide ; Hamm 's world is death and Clov may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside . 

Frequency of Synset('reality.n.02'): 16  (the state of being actual or real)
	 1.Example sentence: To carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale . 
	 2.Example sentence: The enormity of what Conrad had told him made it impossible for Gilborn to accept , with any degree of realism , the actuality of it . 
	 3.Example sentence: By and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system . 
	 4.Example sentence: For Plato , `` imitation '' is twice removed from reality , being a poor copy of physical appearance , which in itself is a poor copy of ideal essence . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('determine.v.08.find_out')
Frequency of Synset('determine.v.01'): 167  (establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 3.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.02'): 162  (get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort . 
	 3.Example sentence: But I 'm pleased to hear - '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` How 'd you hear about this one '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.08'): 26  (find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('ride.v.02.ride')
Frequency of Synset('ride.v.01'): 48  (sit and travel on the back of animal, usually while controlling its motions)
	 1.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 
	 2.Example sentence: Cursing himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot , Russ drew his Colt and examined it briefly . 
	 3.Example sentence: Somebody was riding the tree . 
	 4.Example sentence: Why did these yokels still wear boots , anyway , when most had scarcely sat a horse in years ? 

Frequency of Synset('ride.v.02'): 30  (be carried or travel on or in a vehicle)
	 1.Example sentence: We rode over roads so rough that our Jeep came to rest atop the soil between ruts , all four wheels spinning uselessly . 
	 2.Example sentence: He crossed the lobby and rode up in the elevator lost in his own thoughts . 
	 3.Example sentence: He replenished the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck . 
	 4.Example sentence: She was watching a tree ride wildly down that roiling current . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('rest.v.01.rest')
Frequency of Synset('rest.v.01'): 19  (not move; be in a resting position)
	 1.Example sentence: We rode over roads so rough that our Jeep came to rest atop the soil between ruts , all four wheels spinning uselessly . 
	 2.Example sentence: But just when she seemed to have sunk into some depravity of peasanthood she would disappear and come down bathed , brushed , and taking breaths of air , and even with her broken nails her hands would come to rest on a table or a leaf with a thoughtless delicacy , a grace of history , so to speak , and for an instant one saw how ferociously proud she was and adamant on certain questions of personal value . 
	 3.Example sentence: The half-breed eased the Winchester down and rested it across his lap . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I paint the nothing '' , he said once to Franz Kline and myself , `` the nothing that is behind the something , the inexpressible , unpaintable ' tick ' in the unconscious , the ' spirit ' of the moment resting forever , suspended like a huge balloon , in non time '' . 

Frequency of Synset('stay.v.01'): 164  (stay the same; remain in a certain state)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job . 
	 2.Example sentence: His earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life . 
	 3.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` What matters here is family loyalty ; faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the phis , the spirits ; and to live in harmony with nature '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('soil.n.02.soil')
Frequency of Synset('dirt.n.02'): 34  (the state of being covered with unclean things)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I might have starved , but at least I would n't be fried to a crisp and soaked with dirt '' ! 
	 2.Example sentence: She was personally sloppy , and when she had colds would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it , soaking wet , dangling from her waist , and when she gardened she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves . 
	 3.Example sentence: He noticed a speck of dirt on the sill and swiped at it with his finger . 
	 4.Example sentence: Wet cleaning involves an aqueous medium , a solid substrate , soil to be removed , and the detergent or surface-active material . 

Frequency of Synset('soil.n.02'): 22  (the part of the earth's surface consisting of humus and disintegrated rock)
	 1.Example sentence: We rode over roads so rough that our Jeep came to rest atop the soil between ruts , all four wheels spinning uselessly . 
	 2.Example sentence: He clambered out of the dwindling wash , the loose dirt flying behind him , and flashed a look about . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a long , low room , like a root cellar , for it was banked up with soil , and vines had run rampant over that , too . 
	 4.Example sentence: The curb was a line of stone laid edgewise in the dirt and tilted this way and that by frost in the ground or the roots of trees . 

Frequency of Synset('land.n.02'): 21  (material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use))
	 1.Example sentence: Within a few years the Scots , engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley , were joined by a group called Meurons . 
	 2.Example sentence: The high cost of land , supplies , and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis . 
	 3.Example sentence: Land within commuting distance of a growing city is usually high in price , higher if it has subdivision possibilities . 
	 4.Example sentence: Part-time farming can take comparatively little land , labor , and equipment - or a great deal . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('wonder.v.01.wonder')
Frequency of Synset('wonder.v.01'): 49  (have a wish or desire to know something)
	 1.Example sentence: We flew in rickety planes so overloaded that we wondered why they did n't crash . 
	 2.Example sentence: I wonder if the Carters would take one . 
	 3.Example sentence: he wondered . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I think I 'll sleep in this morning '' , she said drowsily , and as she snuggled against him , he wondered if she ever went to church . 

Frequency of Synset('wonder.v.02'): 37  (place in doubt or express doubtful speculation)
	 1.Example sentence: If he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested , he had his answer a moment later . 
	 2.Example sentence: Do n't you worry , chief '' , Greg replied , wondering if he himself believed it . 
	 3.Example sentence: He possessed the fighter pilot 's horror of bad weather and instrument flying , and he wondered , if the ceiling did drop , whether he and the other flights would be able to find their way back in this unfamiliar territory . 
	 4.Example sentence: And the bed that sagged in a certain place where all the weight had been put too many times before and the walls fine and thin for overhearing talk in the next room when Gratt went out for ice , the sound coming through the walls like something on the other side of the curtain , so you knew they heard you when they were quiet and while you lay wondering what they had heard you listened . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('rush.v.03.rush')
Frequency of Synset('rush.v.01'): 37  (move fast)
	 1.Example sentence: He fought down the impulse to rush in and collar the vicious puncher on the spot . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them - heavy , ominous , leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills . 
	 3.Example sentence: Walls of water rushed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods . 
	 4.Example sentence: It raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair , sitting astride an upright branch . 

Frequency of Synset('rush.v.04'): 12  (act or move at high speed)
	 1.Example sentence: You 'd better hurry '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Do n't hurry too much . 
	 3.Example sentence: Tell her to hurry '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Instead - and not just to prove my objectivity - I hasten to report that it 's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the Easter vacation shenanigans of collegians down in Fort Lauderdale , and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group - that is to say , sex . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('flower.n.02.flower')
Frequency of Synset('flower.n.01'): 28  (a plant cultivated for its blooms or blossoms)
	 1.Example sentence: A refuse bin at the Dumont turned up a florist 's box - a very long box for very long stemmed flowers . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` To me you 'll always be the girl o ' my dreams , an ' the sweetest flower that grows '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: He thought how this dainty , fragile older woman threading her way through the streets of Westminster on a day in June , enjoying the flowers in the shops , the greetings from old friends , but never really drawing a deep , passionate breath , was so like himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: This same flower that smiles today tomorrow will be dying '' . 

Frequency of Synset('flower.n.02'): 15  (reproductive organ of angiosperm plants especially one having showy or colorful parts)
	 1.Example sentence: In the villages people lined up to give us flowers . 
	 2.Example sentence: The preparations were elaborate : flowers , candles , incense sticks , rice wine , dozens of delicacies , and pieces of white cotton string . 
	 3.Example sentence: The strings were draped around flowers in tall silver bowls ( page 261 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: One looked down on a sea of leaves , a breaking wave of flower . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('address.n.03.speech')
Frequency of Synset('address.n.03'): 16  (the act of delivering a formal spoken communication to an audience)
	 1.Example sentence: The Prime Minister paid his respects to the Buddhist monks , strode rapidly among the houses , joked with the local soldiery , and made a speech . 
	 2.Example sentence: A successful businessman recently prefaced his address to a luncheon group with the statement that all economists should be sent to the hospitals for the mentally deranged where they and their theories might rot together . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus in Mary wrote an account of the trip first strong stress on Mary marks Mary as the first in a series of people who wrote accounts of the trip , strong stress on wrote marks the writing as the first of a series of actions of Mary 's concerned with an account of her trip ( about which she may later have made speeches , for example ) , and strong stress on trip makes the trip the first of a series of subjects about which Mary wrote accounts . 
	 4.Example sentence: The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the Secretary or the President , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference , a speech by a Senator or Congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad , et cetera , ad infinitum . 

Frequency of Synset('speech.n.02'): 11  ((language) communication by word of mouth)
	 1.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 
	 2.Example sentence: But no other two phonologic systems are as difficult to disentangle as are tone and intonation in some languages . 
	 3.Example sentence: This explanation of tone difficulties , however , does not apply in all languages . 
	 4.Example sentence: Still , even in such languages tone analysis has not been as simple as one might expect . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('battle.n.01.fight')
Frequency of Synset('battle.n.01'): 18  (a hostile meeting of opposing military forces in the course of a war)
	 1.Example sentence: The first half of The Charles Men , ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709 , is more dramatically coherent than the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus at the same time that William Henry Harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe , Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier . 

Frequency of Synset('fight.n.02'): 16  (the act of fighting; any contest or struggle)
	 1.Example sentence: Whoever was out there hiding in the brushy cover was besieging the Antler house and , having spotted his approach , was determined to drive him off before he could get into the fight . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then suddenly we found ourselves in the middle of another fight , an irrational , an indecent , an undeclared and immoral war with our strongest ( and some had thought noblest ) ally . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could not grasp that Lord had withdrawn from the fight minutes ago , and that his leaden arms were flailing at nothing but the air . 
	 4.Example sentence: In combat , helping your CO make a fool of himself might mean getting yourself killed . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('take_off.v.02.take_off')
Frequency of Synset('depart.v.03'): 20  (leave)
	 1.Example sentence: Hitching his cartridge belt around , Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side . 
	 2.Example sentence: Looking the setup over , Stevens started coolly for the rear of the place . 
	 3.Example sentence: Clapping spurs to the bronc he set off at a sharp canter , with growing alarm . 
	 4.Example sentence: Vastly relieved , Summers nodded and started toward the door . 

Frequency of Synset('subtract.v.01'): 22  (make a subtraction)
	 1.Example sentence: To find estimated net farm income , subtract estimated annual farming expenditures from probable gross income from farming . 
	 2.Example sentence: Some deductions are subtracted from Gross Income to determine Adjusted Gross Income . 
	 3.Example sentence: Other deductions are subtracted only from Adjusted Gross Income in arriving at Taxable Income . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this amount deduct the items indicated below . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('wheel.v.03.roll')
Frequency of Synset('roll.v.01'): 17  (move by turning over or rotating)
	 1.Example sentence: He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn . 
	 2.Example sentence: Below the moon splashed world rolled away to insurmountable white peaks ; above him the deep blue sky glittered with stars . 
	 3.Example sentence: Dice rolled , prostitutes plied their trade , thieves stole , murderers stabbed , and the ungodly blasphemed . 
	 4.Example sentence: I think his name stopped the snoring but he did n't move except to roll a little when I shoved him . 

Frequency of Synset('wheel.v.03'): 12  (move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle)
	 1.Example sentence: Briefly we rolled over a paved road up to Pak Song , on the cool Bolovens Plateau . 
	 2.Example sentence: They 'll roll off in another day . 
	 3.Example sentence: Eddie Lee , Riverside 's redheaded playing manager , ran after the ball but it rolled past him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Two clotted balls the color of mucus rolled between fiery lids . 

Frequency of Synset('roll.v.12'): 23  (move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment)
	 1.Example sentence: A dominant motive is the poet 's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Those souls like to wander off , and must be called back . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs . 
	 4.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('visit.v.04.visit')
Frequency of Synset('visit.v.01'): 39  (go to see a place, as for entertainment)
	 1.Example sentence: Camping is family fun , and it is helping more Americans see more of the country than they ever saw before . 
	 2.Example sentence: Camping is family fun , and it is helping more Americans see more of the country than they ever saw before . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` The place had no sink or washbasin , only a bathtub '' , his mother discovered when she visited him . 
	 4.Example sentence: On Sundays he would walk miles into the campagna to visit with them , and in particular to see their horses . 

Frequency of Synset('travel_to.v.01'): 24  (go to certain places as for sightseeing)
	 1.Example sentence: As these Swiss were moving from the Selkirk settlement to become the first civilian residents of Minnesota , Dousman of Michilimackinac , Michigan , and Prairie du Chien was traveling to Red River to open a trade in merchandise . 
	 2.Example sentence: Dealers would do well to visit such a campground often , look at the equipment and talk with the campers . 
	 3.Example sentence: When the troupe traveled to New York to participate in a one act play competition - and won - Mercer , instead of returning with the rest of the company in triumph , remained in New York . 
	 4.Example sentence: And social relations arising out of business ties impose courtesy , if not sympathy , toward resident and visiting Northerners . 

Frequency of Synset('visit.v.03'): 24  (pay a brief visit)
	 1.Example sentence: Yet had he not visited the girl at Saw Buck he would never have been involved in this latest tangle . 
	 2.Example sentence: Sadie studied piano ; played Chopin in the `` Soiree Musicale of Mr. Guthrie 's Pupils '' ; and she recited `` Hector 's Farewell to Andromache '' most movingly , to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds ' in Baltimore . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Szolds , like the Marches , enjoyed and loved living together , even in troubled times ; and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the Steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives only context can indicate whether visiting relatives is equivalent in meaning to paying visits to relatives or to relatives who are visiting them , and in I looked up the number and I looked up the chimney only the meanings of number and chimney make it clear that up is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition followed by its object in the second . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('preparation.n.01.preparation')
Frequency of Synset('preparation.n.01'): 14  (the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: The preparations were elaborate : flowers , candles , incense sticks , rice wine , dozens of delicacies , and pieces of white cotton string . 
	 2.Example sentence: Selected bibliographies and tables of available data are now in preparation . 
	 3.Example sentence: First is the long and still somewhat obscure process of preparation , planning and discussion . 
	 4.Example sentence: Preparation began slightly more than a year after independence with the first steps to organize rural communes . 

Frequency of Synset('formulation.n.01'): 16  (a substance prepared according to a formula)
	 1.Example sentence: ( These enzyme preparations appear on today 's feed tags as fermentation extracts of Bacillus subtilis , Apergillus orzae , Niger , and Flavus . ) 
	 2.Example sentence: Several firms are merchandising enzyme preparation through feed manufacturers . 
	 3.Example sentence: Plane suggested another preparation of **f which we used here . 
	 4.Example sentence: Albert ( 1949 ) has concluded that the most active preparations of TSH made during this period , from 1931 to 1945 , were probably about 100 to 300 times as potent as the starting material . 

Frequency of Synset('training.n.01'): 71  (activity leading to skilled behavior)
	 1.Example sentence: He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . 
	 2.Example sentence: In his report to the Attorney General , the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service . 
	 3.Example sentence: make research and training grants ; 
	 4.Example sentence: the effectiveness of health and safety education and training ; 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('white.a.01.white')
Frequency of Synset('white.a.01'): 49  (being of the achromatic color of maximum lightness; having little or no hue owing to reflection of almost all incident light)
	 1.Example sentence: The preparations were elaborate : flowers , candles , incense sticks , rice wine , dozens of delicacies , and pieces of white cotton string . 
	 2.Example sentence: It raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair , sitting astride an upright branch . 
	 3.Example sentence: She stood there , watching Holden come in , and she put the piece of toast in her mouth and bit off one corner with a huge chomp of her white teeth . 
	 4.Example sentence: He took up a white sheet of paper , dark with single-spaced data . 

Frequency of Synset('white.a.02'): 15  (of or belonging to a racial group having light skin coloration)
	 1.Example sentence: In town after town my companion pointed out the Negro school and the White school , and in every instance the former made a better appearance ( it was newer , for one thing ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Negro composer Hall Johnson studied the Americanegro Suite and said of it , `` Of all the many songs written by white composers and employing what claims to be a Negroid idiom in both words and music , these six songs by Harold Arlen and Ted Koehler easily stand far out above the rest . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I 've never done this before '' , they always said , shaking their dresses down over their white shoulders . 
	 4.Example sentence: Under the trees , there was a dead redcoat , a young boy with a pasty white skin and a face full of pimples , who had taken a rifle ball directly between the eyes . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sit.v.01.sit')
Frequency of Synset('sit.v.01'): 125  (be seated)
	 1.Example sentence: The candles were lighted , and we sat on split bamboo mats among the village notables . 
	 2.Example sentence: She sat quietly , staring at me from the wide eyes . 
	 3.Example sentence: I sat by her on the divan . 
	 4.Example sentence: For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . 

Frequency of Synset('sit.v.02'): 32  (be around, often idly or without specific purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: The classical lines of the church which Napoleon thought of as a Temple of Glory , dominated all the scene where we sat . 
	 2.Example sentence: I would have been negligent and a goddam lousy cop to boot , if I 'd sat around this station all night when somebody got away with murder in my district . 
	 3.Example sentence: Just like the balloon would go up and you could sit all day and wish it would spring a leak or blow to hell up and burn and nothing like that would happen . 
	 4.Example sentence: There are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef cattle : ( 1 ) Fence-line bunks - cattle eat from one side while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by self unloading wagons ; ( 2 ) Mechanized bunks - they sit within the feed lot , are filled by a mechanical conveyor above feeding surface ; ( 3 ) Special bunks - as discussed here , they permit cattle to eat from all sides . 

Frequency of Synset('ride.v.01'): 48  (sit and travel on the back of animal, usually while controlling its motions)
	 1.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 
	 2.Example sentence: Cursing himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot , Russ drew his Colt and examined it briefly . 
	 3.Example sentence: Somebody was riding the tree . 
	 4.Example sentence: Why did these yokels still wear boots , anyway , when most had scarcely sat a horse in years ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('deity.n.01.divinity')
Frequency of Synset('deity.n.01'): 20  (any supernatural being worshipped as controlling some part of the world or some aspect of life or who is the personification of a force)
	 1.Example sentence: Each aspired to be a god in human form , but with each it was a different kind of god . 
	 2.Example sentence: Each aspired to be a god in human form , but with each it was a different kind of god . 
	 3.Example sentence: A third remarked of slowness of Southerners : `` They moved about from corner to corner , as uneasy as a litter of hungry leaches on the neck of a wooden god '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now a distinguished old man called on nine divinities to come and join us . 

Frequency of Synset('theology.n.01'): 11  (the rational and systematic study of religion and its influences and of the nature of religious truth)
	 1.Example sentence: Still , we must remember that we cannot construct and justify generalizations of this sort unless we are ready to consider many special instances of influence moving between such areas as theology , philosophy , political thought , and literature . 
	 2.Example sentence: The titles he could read easily through the criss-crossed wires : works on theology , astral physics , history , biology , political science . 
	 3.Example sentence: If Bultmann 's own definition of myth is strictly adhered to ( and it is interesting that this is almost never done by those who make such pronouncements ) , the evidence is overwhelming that he does not at all exaggerate the extent to which the mythological concepts of traditional theology have become incredible and irrelevant . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is to this same tradition that most of the creative figures in the last century and a half of American theology also belong . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('lead.v.01.guide')
Frequency of Synset('steer.v.01'): 26  (direct the course; determine the direction of travelling)
	 1.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson pointed the Discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called Hudson Bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific . 
	 3.Example sentence: Finally , as time began to run out , he headed into Ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies . 
	 4.Example sentence: There remained only the delicate task of maneuvering the laws through the labyrinth of Palace politics and making a small number of policy decisions . 

Frequency of Synset('lead.v.01'): 121  (take somebody somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable by-product of murder , led to Garth 's door . 
	 3.Example sentence: He took Madden into the room he used as an office . 
	 4.Example sentence: I guided her to the divan , turned off the TV , faced her . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('face.v.05.face')
Frequency of Synset('confront.v.02'): 66  (deal with (something unpleasant) head on)
	 1.Example sentence: One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems . 
	 2.Example sentence: How right he was ; how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism . 
	 3.Example sentence: Is his a literature of defeat , irrelevant to the social crises we face ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Given this kind of business climate , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yr. ? 

Frequency of Synset('confront.v.01'): 53  (oppose, as in hostility or a competition)
	 1.Example sentence: The Szolds , like the Marches , enjoyed and loved living together , even in troubled times ; and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . 
	 2.Example sentence: At least the moment was postponed when he had to face the mystery of the power tools . 
	 3.Example sentence: She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder . 
	 4.Example sentence: The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate . 

Frequency of Synset('front.v.01'): 16  (be oriented in a certain direction, often with respect to another reference point; be opposite to)
	 1.Example sentence: Without taking off his coat , he sat in the blue chair which still faced the closed bedroom door . 
	 2.Example sentence: On some of the islands ' beaches the waves came in gently ; they were steepest on the shores facing the direction of the seaquake from which the waves had come . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Facing us , two flights up . 
	 4.Example sentence: Brannon was hunkered down with his broad back to the left rear wheel , with the other two facing him . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('remember.v.01.remember')
Frequency of Synset('remember.v.01'): 144  (recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection)
	 1.Example sentence: It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I could n't remember where we had met . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` No , I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here , and when it happened all I could think of was - '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The keys were still in it , and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabana where I 'd changed '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 

Frequency of Synset('remember.v.02'): 52  (keep in mind for attention or consideration)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 2.Example sentence: You see , you got to remember , we all got schedules , like any business ! 
	 3.Example sentence: Alison was still sound asleep ; he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag , and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom , which tasted peculiarly of face powder . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had never heard so many bells , and as he lay there listening , he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps . 

Frequency of Synset('remember.v.03'): 19  (recapture the past; indulge in memories)
	 1.Example sentence: I remember Ernest Bloch in the foyer , shouting in his high-pitched voice : `` it may be a tour de force , mais mon Dieu , can anyone take this music seriously '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Though his inner thoughts cringed at it , he forced himself to think back , recreating the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him molesting the child . 
	 3.Example sentence: Anita put out the remaining candles with a long snuffer , and in the smell of scented candlewick , the comforting awareness of each other 's bodies , the retained pattern of dancers and guests remembered , their minds grew numb and then empty of images . 
	 4.Example sentence: I must state that the faster things happened , the slower they happened ; the passage and rhythm of time changed , and when I remember back to what happened then , each event is a separate and frozen incident . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('discontinue.v.01.stop')
Frequency of Synset('stop.v.01'): 54  (come to a halt, stop moving)
	 1.Example sentence: Forced behind him momentarily , Russ followed at once and halted two steps inside . 
	 2.Example sentence: Halting , Pat turned to survey him deliberately . 
	 3.Example sentence: For example , suppose a man wearing a $ 200 watch , driving a 1959 Rolls Royce , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` What time is it '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: He stopped automatically at the street corners , waiting for the traffic lights to change , unheeding of other people , his coat open and flapping . 

Frequency of Synset('discontinue.v.01'): 82  (put an end to a state or an activity)
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 3.Example sentence: This time she stopped the rush of words herself . 
	 4.Example sentence: Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' - He stopped and looked at Thor 's body . 

Frequency of Synset('stop.v.03'): 30  (stop from happening or developing)
	 1.Example sentence: She had swished away , she had been gone for a long time probably when Sarah suddenly realized that she ought to stop her , pour out the coffee , so no one would drink it . 
	 2.Example sentence: If we cannot stop warfare in our own economic system , how can we expect to abolish it internationally ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Obviously , we can n't stop them from coming in , however , just by talk . 
	 4.Example sentence: Maybe they 'll stop it now , once for all . 

Frequency of Synset('end.v.01'): 65  (have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical)
	 1.Example sentence: The first half of The Charles Men , ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709 , is more dramatically coherent than the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in My own Mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 

Frequency of Synset('barricade.v.01'): 11  (render unsuitable for passage)
	 1.Example sentence: Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens . 
	 2.Example sentence: If there is time after the warning , the basement shielding could be improved substantially by blocking windows with bricks , dirt , books , magazines , or other heavy material . 
	 3.Example sentence: Tell your guys not to block the plate '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Someone blocked the door from inside . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('words.n.01.words')
Frequency of Synset('words.n.01'): 26  (the words that are spoken)
	 1.Example sentence: This time she stopped the rush of words herself . 
	 2.Example sentence: He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words . 
	 3.Example sentence: Will his words come to be treasured and quoted through the years ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Her words remained with him , worrying him for hours . 

Frequency of Synset('lyric.n.01'): 22  (the text of a popular song or musical-comedy number)
	 1.Example sentence: When Heidegger and Sartre speak of a contrast between being and existence , they may be right , I do n't know , but their language is too philosophical for me . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the calm which follows the reading of a poem , for example , is the effect produced by the enforced quiet , by the musical quality of words and rhythm , by the sentiments or sense of the poem , by the associations with earlier readings , if it is familiar , by the boost to the self-esteem for the semi-literate , by the diversion of attention , by the sense of security in a legitimized withdrawal , by a kind license for some variety of fantasy life regarded as forbidden , or by half conscious ideas about the magical power of words ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In the calm which follows the reading of a poem , for example , is the effect produced by the enforced quiet , by the musical quality of words and rhythm , by the sentiments or sense of the poem , by the associations with earlier readings , if it is familiar , by the boost to the self-esteem for the semi-literate , by the diversion of attention , by the sense of security in a legitimized withdrawal , by a kind license for some variety of fantasy life regarded as forbidden , or by half conscious ideas about the magical power of words ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The twist lay in using Bing Crosby 's voice on the sound track while leading man Eddie Bracken mouthed the words . 

Frequency of Synset('word.n.01'): 113  (a unit of language that native speakers can identify)
	 1.Example sentence: `` But one word at a time , O. K . '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Harris J. Griston , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Even with words coming too fast , they came on the music of the voice . 
	 4.Example sentence: Complicity is an embarrassing word . 

Frequency of Synset('word.n.02'): 17  (a brief statement)
	 1.Example sentence: As a word of caution , we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types , question , command , statement , or exclamation . 
	 2.Example sentence: She did not notice that the customer seized her purchase and turned away without a smile or a word of thanks . 
	 3.Example sentence: If you have a higher quality product , how can you make it stand out - justify its premium price - without the spoken word ? 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Stimulating '' was the word for it . 

Frequency of Synset('news.n.01'): 20  (information about recent and important events)
	 1.Example sentence: When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth , England , in the fall of 1609 , word of Hudson 's findings leaked out , and English interest in him revived . 
	 2.Example sentence: The State cops would check from time to time ; pass word when there was word to pass . 
	 3.Example sentence: The State cops would check from time to time ; pass word when there was word to pass . 
	 4.Example sentence: Weigand tossed this news into the centrifuge . 

Frequency of Synset('discussion.n.02'): 25  (an exchange of views on some topic)
	 1.Example sentence: What of the efficiency of this natural instrument of free discussion ? 
	 2.Example sentence: When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer , for instance , we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign . 
	 3.Example sentence: We are reminded , however , that freedom of thought and discussion , the unfettered exchange of ideas , is basic under our form of government . 
	 4.Example sentence: We must not forget , to be sure , that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results . 

Frequency of Synset('bible.n.01'): 18  (the sacred writings of the Christian religions)
	 1.Example sentence: Hands on Bible , seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg , the wigmaker , and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading , German , and Danish in the informal curriculum . 
	 3.Example sentence: If living Jews were unavailable for study , the Bible was at hand . 
	 4.Example sentence: She would have been better off if she had stuck to her Bible . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('arise.v.03.stand_up')
Frequency of Synset('arise.v.03'): 21  (rise to one's feet)
	 1.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 2.Example sentence: The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Get up , Crouch . 
	 4.Example sentence: He rose from the chair , took off his coat . 

Frequency of Synset('stand.v.01'): 133  (be standing; be upright)
	 1.Example sentence: Two uniformed officers , a couple of plain-clothesmen I knew , and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left . 
	 2.Example sentence: And when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face , not letting on he had been there with Alberto . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he did n't like to disclose his ignorance . 
	 4.Example sentence: As usual , Mrs. Crombie was standing in the midst of a confusion of cooking utensils . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('phone.n.02.sound')
Frequency of Synset('sound.n.01'): 21  (the particular auditory effect produced by a given cause)
	 1.Example sentence: The commands are specified by the military regulations ; are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was filled with dust and wind and sound and violence . 
	 3.Example sentence: Beaten with fear and sound and wet and chill , they crawled to the hurricane deck and looked out haggardly at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills . 
	 4.Example sentence: His earphones were constantly full of the sounds of enemy contacts made by other flights . 

Frequency of Synset('sound.n.02'): 15  (the subjective sensation of hearing something)
	 1.Example sentence: Also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was required . 
	 2.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 3.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 4.Example sentence: He was silent again , possibly listening to the sounds in the squadroom . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('squeeze.v.02.squeeze')
Frequency of Synset('squash.v.01'): 11  (to compress with violence, out of natural shape or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Pale yellow snapdragons that by pinching could be made to bite ; seed-pods of the balsams that snapped like fire-crackers at a touch ; red and yellow columbines whose round tipped spurs were picked off and eaten for the honey in them ; morning-glory buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a blown-up paper bag ; bright flowers from the trumpet vine that made `` gloves '' on the ends of ten waggling fingers . 
	 2.Example sentence: I heard o ' Texas cattlemen wrappin ' a cow thief up in green hides and lettin ' the sun shrink ' em and squeeze him to death . 
	 3.Example sentence: His eyes blinked hard , snapping on and squashing some bad things that were trying to push their way into him . 
	 4.Example sentence: She swung her eyes up to the blue of the window , her jaws gently mashing the bitter beans . 

Frequency of Synset('coerce.v.01'): 46  (to cause to do through pressure or necessity, by physical, moral or intellectual means :)
	 1.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 2.Example sentence: As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the great strait . 
	 3.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 
	 4.Example sentence: The boy had , apparently - if Mrs. MacReady was right in what she had told Mullins - only in recent months been forced to give up college , to work as a busboy . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('second.n.01.second')
Frequency of Synset('second.n.01'): 27  (1/60 of a minute; the basic unit of time adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites)
	 1.Example sentence: There had been a good second or two during which my muffler had been blowing out , and now I was certain I 'd seen her somewhere before . 
	 2.Example sentence: He studied the problem for a few seconds and thought of a means by which it might be solved . 
	 3.Example sentence: Jess wasted a few seconds trying to yank them loose . 
	 4.Example sentence: Not once , in the time that he had known her , had he ever considered the possibility , not once , not for one one-thousandth of a second , of her infidelity . 

Frequency of Synset('moment.n.02'): 43  (an indefinitely short time)
	 1.Example sentence: Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope waning by the moment . 
	 2.Example sentence: Because , if for no other reason , Willings would never for a moment suppose he was not bigger , tougher , than anything else that went on two legs . 
	 3.Example sentence: For a moment he thought of going into Crosson 's office to explain that he had to leave , but there was now such a pain in his chest , such a pounding in his head , that he decided to let it go . 
	 4.Example sentence: And he knew in that moment , with a cold sinking of despair , a dying of old hopes , that Mae had spread some kind of word there among the neighbors . 

Frequency of Synset('moment.n.01'): 78  (a particular point in time)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world 's giants . 
	 3.Example sentence: If he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested , he had his answer a moment later . 
	 4.Example sentence: The long minute before he reached effective cover seemed endless . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('shout.v.02.cry')
Frequency of Synset('shout.v.02'): 83  (utter a sudden loud cry)
	 1.Example sentence: I cried . 
	 2.Example sentence: Like the cowboy in Stephen Crane 's `` Blue Hotel '' , we run around crying , `` Well , I did n't do anything , did I '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Oh , that 's wonderful '' , cried Mrs. Crombie . 
	 4.Example sentence: Somewhere in the distance , a woman screamed . 

Frequency of Synset('cry.v.02'): 11  (shed tears because of sadness, rage, or pain)
	 1.Example sentence: So you sit in the car and listen to the air run out and listen to the rain and see the mud in front of the headlights , waiting for you , for your new spectator pumps , waiting for you to squat by yourself out there in your tight skirt , crying and afraid and trying to get that damned son-of-a-bitch tire off , because that is being an old maid too , if you happen to drive a car , it is changing the tire yourself in the night , and in the mud and the rain , hating to get out in it but afraid to stay and afraid to try to walk out for help . 
	 2.Example sentence: And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you did n't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy , the chump who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he could n't afford and the too shiny shoes . 
	 3.Example sentence: You laughed and then your chest swelled and you felt you could cry for a little bit , and then a feeling hit you like a chill in your stomach and the goose bumps rippled along your arm . 
	 4.Example sentence: And when he was alone again in the cabin , Alexander lowered his head into his arms and wept , for he knew full well what must be done , what in the end would be done . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('ring.v.03.ring')
Frequency of Synset('ring.v.01'): 15  (sound loudly and sonorously)
	 1.Example sentence: The telephone rang . 
	 2.Example sentence: The 7 : 45 bell rang and he could hear the outside doors bang shut , closing in the assembled day watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then , as he turned toward the telephone , it rang shrilly to shatter the stillness in the room and he reached for it eagerly . 
	 4.Example sentence: He dialed it and listened to it ring ten times before he hung up . 

Frequency of Synset('call.v.03'): 39  (get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone)
	 1.Example sentence: At last he said , `` Well , thank you for calling , Mr. Benson . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 3.Example sentence: A freshman girl 's father not too long ago called a dean at Brooklyn College and demanded the `` low-down '' on a boy who was going out with his daughter . 
	 4.Example sentence: Or maybe I call you - tonight ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('alone.r.02.alone')
Frequency of Synset('entirely.r.02'): 258  (without any others being included or involved)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . 
	 4.Example sentence: Of only one could he be sure - young John Hudson , his second son . 

Frequency of Synset('alone.r.02'): 26  (without anybody else or anything else)
	 1.Example sentence: They 'd peddled the soap virtually alone , and without much success , until about a year ago , when - with the addition of `` SX-21 '' to their secret formula and the inauguration of a high-powered advertising campaign - sales had soared practically into orbit . 
	 2.Example sentence: Everybody left and I stayed in the pool , then Lou came back alone and leaped into the pool too . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think I was what you might call a convivial man , and yet it was when I was alone in my studio , doing my work , that I really felt alive . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Somehow I imagine that as you grew up you were alone a lot . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('success.n.03.success')
Frequency of Synset('success.n.01'): 33  (an event that accomplishes its intended purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i. e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . 
	 2.Example sentence: I will assume that we are all aware of the continuing struggle , with its limited and precarious success , toward conservatism . 
	 3.Example sentence: If you are not well acquainted with the area in which you wish to locate , or if you are not sure that you and your family will like and make a success of farming , usually you would do better to rent a place for a year or two before you buy . 
	 4.Example sentence: The president of the firm , calculating expenses alone , felt his costs had dropped one-half while success in selection had improved over one hundred per cent . 

Frequency of Synset('success.n.02'): 20  (an attainment that is successful)
	 1.Example sentence: Success in observing these spectral lines has so far , apparently , been confined to the laboratory ; extraterrestrial observations have yet to be reported . 
	 2.Example sentence: New computer and automation techniques were applied to these spectra with considerable success . 
	 3.Example sentence: I believe the situation is improving , but the success stories need to be heavily publicized . 
	 4.Example sentence: The consciousness it mirrors may have come earlier to Europe than to America , but it is the consciousness that most `` mature '' societies arrive at when their successes in technological and economic systematization propel them into a time of examining the not strictly practical ends of culture . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('recipe.n.01.formula')
Frequency of Synset('formula.n.01'): 12  (a group of symbols that make a mathematical statement)
	 1.Example sentence: His formula will have to be weighed , may be altered or improved , and it should be tested on additional bodies of material . 
	 2.Example sentence: As is the case with the allotment provisions for support of vocational rehabilitation services , the matching requirements are also based on a statutory formula . 
	 3.Example sentence: The general theory of resonance shifts is used to derive a general expression for the second moment **f of a polycrystalline paramagnetic sample and is specialized to **f . 
	 4.Example sentence: Fortunately , a general formula of wide applicability solves all problems of this kind . 

Frequency of Synset('convention.n.02'): 26  (something regarded as a normative example)
	 1.Example sentence: In a mobile society , congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment ; this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation - like elements will have to be assimilated . 
	 2.Example sentence: Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; once the pool of recruits diminishes , the congregation is helpless - friendly contacts no longer keep it going . 
	 3.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('orbit.n.01.orbit')
Frequency of Synset('orbit.n.01'): 11  (the (usually elliptical) path described by one celestial body in its revolution about another)
	 1.Example sentence: They 'd peddled the soap virtually alone , and without much success , until about a year ago , when - with the addition of `` SX-21 '' to their secret formula and the inauguration of a high-powered advertising campaign - sales had soared practically into orbit . 
	 2.Example sentence: The radial velocity varies inversely as the particle size - a 1000 - | m diameter particle near the orbit of Mars would reach the sun in about 60 million years . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Poynting-Robertson effect causes the semi major axis of orbits to diminish more rapidly than the semi-minor axis , with a consequent tendency toward circular orbits as the particles move toward the sun . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Poynting-Robertson effect causes the semi major axis of orbits to diminish more rapidly than the semi-minor axis , with a consequent tendency toward circular orbits as the particles move toward the sun . 

Frequency of Synset('sphere.n.01'): 28  (a particular environment or walk of life)
	 1.Example sentence: Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment , except for a lucky few . 
	 4.Example sentence: Similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field . 

Frequency of Synset('scope.n.01'): 64  (an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control:)
	 1.Example sentence: National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . 
	 2.Example sentence: In scope and power it can only be compared to Tolstoy 's War and Peace . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters , of common folk even more than of major figures . 
	 4.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('board.n.03.board')
Frequency of Synset('board.n.01'): 28  (a committee having supervisory powers)
	 1.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim - all in violation of the Fifth Amendment . 
	 3.Example sentence: On April 1 , 1953 , after some six months of full-time `` pioneering '' , petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching , but failed to so notify his local board . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a periodic review , the local board on July 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1 , - A and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home . 

Frequency of Synset('board.n.02'): 24  (a stout length of sawn timber; made in a wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes)
	 1.Example sentence: Russ ran up the steps quickly to the plank porch . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which , properly handled , would , he had assured him , turn into a workbench . 
	 3.Example sentence: Without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling , which he then stained and waxed according to his taste . 
	 4.Example sentence: Again he stood in the darkness listening , but there was only the scrape of a shod hoof on a plank floor . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('burst.v.04.burst')
Frequency of Synset('burst.v.01'): 12  (come open suddenly and violently, as if from internal pressure)
	 1.Example sentence: The clouds bulged downward and burst suddenly into a great black funnel . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thunder crashed ; barrels tumbled down the mountainsides , and bounced and bounced till their own fury split them open . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you could have heard him a mile away , and he was bursting at every seam with importance . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I 've been bursting my lungs for you '' , Mr. Jack complained . 

Frequency of Synset('explode.v.02'): 11  (burst outward, usually with noise)
	 1.Example sentence: The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . 
	 2.Example sentence: They were already swollen to bursting . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pale yellow snapdragons that by pinching could be made to bite ; seed-pods of the balsams that snapped like fire-crackers at a touch ; red and yellow columbines whose round tipped spurs were picked off and eaten for the honey in them ; morning-glory buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a blown-up paper bag ; bright flowers from the trumpet vine that made `` gloves '' on the ends of ten waggling fingers . 
	 4.Example sentence: Where it is not actually erupting , it rumbles and smolders in sullen resentment like a volcano , ready to explode at any moment . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('item.n.01.item')
Frequency of Synset('item.n.01'): 33  (a distinct part that can be specified separately in a group of things that could be enumerated on a list)
	 1.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 2.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 
	 3.Example sentence: Linguists have not always been more enlightened than `` practical people '' and sometimes have insisted on incredibly trivial points while neglecting things of much greater significance . 
	 4.Example sentence: Once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention , he could undertake the things which really counted . 

Frequency of Synset('detail.n.02'): 23  (a small part that can be considered separately from the whole)
	 1.Example sentence: Even beginning students in linguistics are made familiar with an appreciable variety of consonant systems , both in their general outlines and in many specific details . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are more stems per item in Athabascan , which expresses the fact that the Athabascan languages have undergone somewhat more change in diverging from proto Athabascan than the Yokuts languages from proto Yokuts . 
	 4.Example sentence: ( On deduction of one-eighth from 3.46 , the stem / item rate becomes 3.03 against 2.75 in equivalent number of languages . ) 

Frequency of Synset('item.n.03'): 16  (a whole individual unit; especially when included in a list or collection)
	 1.Example sentence: Once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention , he could undertake the things which really counted . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Department of Defense appropriation acts for the past several years have contained a rider which limits competitive bidding by firms in other countries on certain military supply items . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Taylor Scale was adapted from the Minnesota Multiphastic Personality Inventory , with item selection based upon clinical definitions of anxiety . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although the Taylor Scale was designed as a group testing device , in this study it was individually administered by psychologically trained workers who established rapport and assisted the children in reading the items . 

Frequency of Synset('detail.n.01'): 42  (an isolated fact that is considered separately from the whole)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden took up this point with Garth , who shrugged it off . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said `` states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law governed countries . 
	 3.Example sentence: Linguists have not always been more enlightened than `` practical people '' and sometimes have insisted on incredibly trivial points while neglecting things of much greater significance . 
	 4.Example sentence: The difficulty was that each day seemed to produce its quota of details which must be cleaned up immediately . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('clasp.n.02.clutches')
Frequency of Synset('clasp.n.02'): 11  (the act of grasping)
	 1.Example sentence: `` So I just scooted out of his clutches . 
	 2.Example sentence: But the farther out he moves , the thinner will be his hold on conclusive evidence , and the larger the speculative component in his inferences . 
	 3.Example sentence: Beneath his clutch , a flat strip of muscle surged on the bone . 
	 4.Example sentence: I would have stood there and died there if left to myself , but Cousin Simmons grabbed my arm in his viselike grip and fairly plucked me out of there ; and then I came to some sanity and plunged away with such extraordinary speed that I outdistanced Cousin Simmons by far . 

Frequency of Synset('clasp.n.02'): 11  (the act of grasping)
	 1.Example sentence: `` So I just scooted out of his clutches . 
	 2.Example sentence: But the farther out he moves , the thinner will be his hold on conclusive evidence , and the larger the speculative component in his inferences . 
	 3.Example sentence: Beneath his clutch , a flat strip of muscle surged on the bone . 
	 4.Example sentence: I would have stood there and died there if left to myself , but Cousin Simmons grabbed my arm in his viselike grip and fairly plucked me out of there ; and then I came to some sanity and plunged away with such extraordinary speed that I outdistanced Cousin Simmons by far . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('yard.n.01.yard')
Frequency of Synset('yard.n.01'): 34  (a unit of length equal to 3 feet; defined as 91.44 centimeters; originally taken to be the average length of a stride)
	 1.Example sentence: While several yards from it , still concealed by the shrubbery , she 'd seen two men on her left at the pool 's edge . 
	 2.Example sentence: A few yards beyond the group of men , a man 's nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green dichondra . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had not covered a hundred yards before a gun crashed from somewhere behind . 
	 4.Example sentence: The valley was only a few hundred yards wide with just about room enough for a properly performed hundred-and-eighty degree turn . 

Frequency of Synset('yard.n.02'): 17  (the enclosed land around a house or other building)
	 1.Example sentence: Could an employee 's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds . 
	 3.Example sentence: Presently he heard footsteps crossing the yard , and Jess 's smothered curses . 
	 4.Example sentence: Across the front of a yard and down the side , they were iron , either spiked along the top or arched in half circles . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('suit.n.01.suit')
Frequency of Synset('suit.n.01'): 12  (a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for outerwear all of the same fabric and color)
	 1.Example sentence: It was just somebody in a man 's suit . 
	 2.Example sentence: Changing his clothes , he put on his dark-blue flannel suit , and laid away the gray jacket with the feeling that he might be putting it aside for good . 
	 3.Example sentence: His tweed suit was a baggy gray and green . 
	 4.Example sentence: Or you could hope the parachute would n't open just so you could say you saw it not open , not because you meant any harm to Starkey Poe in his suit of red underwear , but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid - a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant , but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice : `` I think I 'm pregnant '' . 

Frequency of Synset('lawsuit.n.01'): 24  (a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court of law whereby an individual seeks a legal remedy)
	 1.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 
	 2.Example sentence: Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; petitioner was not denied due process ; and his conviction is sustained . 
	 3.Example sentence: Haydn C. Covington argued the cause and filed a brief for petitioner . 
	 4.Example sentence: Daniel M. Friedman argued the cause for the United States . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('character.n.04.role')
Frequency of Synset('function.n.03'): 57  (the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group)
	 1.Example sentence: He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; he might be Mrs. Meeker 's murderer or have played some part in her death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . 
	 3.Example sentence: This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches . 
	 4.Example sentence: An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity . 

Frequency of Synset('character.n.04'): 29  (an actor's portrayal of someone in a play)
	 1.Example sentence: He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters , of common folk even more than of major figures . 
	 3.Example sentence: Her impact in the ZING commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series , Underwater Western Eye , a documentary type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits . 
	 4.Example sentence: But if Joyce got involved in murder or salacious scandal , the role would probably go to the sponsor 's wife , Mrs. Oatnut Grits . 

Frequency of Synset('function.n.02'): 70  (what something is used for)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration . 
	 3.Example sentence: On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('act.v.03.act')
Frequency of Synset('act.v.01'): 38  (perform an action, or work out or perform (an action))
	 1.Example sentence: They seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new . 
	 2.Example sentence: If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: What I am suggesting is that when we delay , or when we fail to act , we do so intentionally and not through inadvertence or through bureaucratic or procedural difficulties . 
	 4.Example sentence: Can the President or the Secretary act under existing authority , or will new legislation and new money be required ? 

Frequency of Synset('act.v.02'): 38  (behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself)
	 1.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 
	 2.Example sentence: He behaved publicly with a cocky , swaggering truculence that offended their vulpine Latin minds , and behaved towards them personally with an unimpressed insolence that enraged them beneath their blandness . 
	 3.Example sentence: He behaved publicly with a cocky , swaggering truculence that offended their vulpine Latin minds , and behaved towards them personally with an unimpressed insolence that enraged them beneath their blandness . 
	 4.Example sentence: For the purposes of setting the product price , the industry behaves as a single entity . 

Frequency of Synset('act.v.03'): 34  (play a role or part)
	 1.Example sentence: `` The commercials have just been for money , there has n't been any real incentive for me to do them , but in Underwater Western Eye I 'd have a chance to act . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the end of work one day , the personnel man took the applicants one at a time , asked them to sit behind the receptionist 's desk and he then played the role of a number of people who might come to the receptionist with a number of queries and for a number of purposes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Somewhat to his surprise he found that one girl , whom he would never have considered for the job since she had appeared somewhat mousy and also had been in the office a relatively short time , did the most outstanding job of playing the role of receptionist , showing wit , sparkle , and aplomb . 
	 4.Example sentence: She was hired and was found to be entirely satisfactory when she played the role eight hours a day . 

Frequency of Synset('work.v.03'): 32  (have an effect or outcome; often the one desired or expected)
	 1.Example sentence: Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . 
	 2.Example sentence: Some forms of capitalism do indeed work - superb organizations , a credit to any society . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is possible , although highly doubtful , that he killed none at all but merely let his reputation work for him by privately claiming every unsolved murder in the state . 
	 4.Example sentence: It never worked , naturally ; but it made her look unusual . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('suppose.v.01.suppose')
Frequency of Synset('suppose.v.01'): 60  (express a supposition)
	 1.Example sentence: Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe - say a liberal retirement plan - and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most of them this past year , I 'd say . 
	 3.Example sentence: Time to go , I supposed . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , suppose a man wearing a $ 200 watch , driving a 1959 Rolls Royce , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` What time is it '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('think.v.02'): 228  (expect, believe, or suppose)
	 1.Example sentence: Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 

Frequency of Synset('speculate.v.01'): 24  (to believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds)
	 1.Example sentence: And know , while all this went on , that there was no real reason to suppose that the murderer had been a guest in either hotel . 
	 2.Example sentence: One of the obvious conclusions we can make on the basis of the last election , I suppose , is that we , the majority , were dissatisfied with Eisenhower conservatism . 
	 3.Example sentence: We speculate that compulsives in the unstructured schools are under greater strain because of the lack of systemization in their school setting , but that their need to organize ( for comfort ) is so intense that they struggle to induce the phonic rules and achieve in spite of the lack of direction from the environment . 
	 4.Example sentence: The myth of the Southern plantation has had only a tangential relation with actuality , as Francis Pendleton Gaines showed forty years ago , and I suspect it has had a far narrower acceptance as something real than has generally been supposed . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('rush.v.04.hurry')
Frequency of Synset('travel_rapidly.v.01'): 25  (move very fast)
	 1.Example sentence: Leading his pony , he hurried that way , not remounting till he was well below the level of the surrounding range . 
	 2.Example sentence: A half hour later he got her up to go out for breakfast so the Ferraros , hearing them hurrying down the stairs , would think they were going to a late mass . 
	 3.Example sentence: His son watched until he got as far as the hall , almost out of sight , then hurried after . 
	 4.Example sentence: If you hurry you might beat the headquarters boys '' . 

Frequency of Synset('rush.v.04'): 12  (act or move at high speed)
	 1.Example sentence: You 'd better hurry '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Do n't hurry too much . 
	 3.Example sentence: Tell her to hurry '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Instead - and not just to prove my objectivity - I hasten to report that it 's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the Easter vacation shenanigans of collegians down in Fort Lauderdale , and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group - that is to say , sex . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('determination.n.02.determination')
Frequency of Synset('determination.n.01'): 23  (the act of determining the properties of something, usually by research or calculation)
	 1.Example sentence: When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth , England , in the fall of 1609 , word of Hudson 's findings leaked out , and English interest in him revived . 
	 2.Example sentence: A hydrostatic head correction has been neither necessary nor applicable in the determination of vapor pressures or temperatures for the bulk liquid helium . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior shall submit a report of his findings , together with recommendations for an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) based upon such findings , to the Congress not more than two years after the date of enactment of this Act . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior shall submit a report of his findings , together with recommendations for an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) based upon such findings , to the Congress not more than two years after the date of enactment of this Act . 

Frequency of Synset('decision.n.02'): 40  (a position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration)
	 1.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 
	 2.Example sentence: As was said in Gonzales , `` it is the Appeal Board which renders the selective service determination considered ' final ' in the courts , not to be overturned unless there is no basis in fact . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board . 
	 4.Example sentence: The recommendation of the Department - as well as the decision of the appeal board - was based entirely on the local board file , not on an FBI report . 

Frequency of Synset('decision.n.01'): 25  (the act of making up your mind about something)
	 1.Example sentence: There are two sides of a coin for this decision . 
	 2.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . 
	 4.Example sentence: ( c ) Decisions of a general kind are made by the central command . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('way.n.05.path')
Frequency of Synset('way.n.05'): 28  (a course of conduct)
	 1.Example sentence: I followed a shrubbery lined gravel path alongside the house to the pool . 
	 2.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We were brought up that way '' was one statement which won general assent . 
	 4.Example sentence: The early works were conceived for a sophisticated , international audience ; the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens . 

Frequency of Synset('path.n.03'): 12  (an established line of travel or access)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1607 and 1608 , the English Muscovy Company had sent him northward to look for a route over the North Pole or across the top of Russia . 
	 2.Example sentence: Fog hung over the route constantly . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hundreds of miles to the north , the route back to England through the `` Furious Overfall '' was again filling with ice . 
	 4.Example sentence: During the trip Selkirk decided that the route through Illinois territory to Indiana and the eastern United States was the best route for goods from England to reach Red River and that the United States was a better source of supply for many goods than either Canada or England . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('stand.v.01.stand')
Frequency of Synset('stand.v.01'): 133  (be standing; be upright)
	 1.Example sentence: Two uniformed officers , a couple of plain-clothesmen I knew , and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left . 
	 2.Example sentence: And when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face , not letting on he had been there with Alberto . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he did n't like to disclose his ignorance . 
	 4.Example sentence: As usual , Mrs. Crombie was standing in the midst of a confusion of cooking utensils . 

Frequency of Synset('stand.v.02'): 42  (be in some specified state or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: It was going to be another hot day ; already the thermometer stood close to ninety . 
	 2.Example sentence: The dangerous current upon the prairie ceased , but the water stood and kept on rising . 
	 3.Example sentence: The company herds were being raided less often , and cabins and soddies all over the range were standing deserted . 
	 4.Example sentence: They would n't o ' stood no chance with you in a plain , straight-out shoot-down '' . 

Frequency of Synset('stand.v.03'): 30  (occupy a place or location, also metaphorically)
	 1.Example sentence: Again he stood in the darkness listening , but there was only the scrape of a shod hoof on a plank floor . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Perhaps '' stands in place of commitment . 
	 3.Example sentence: a lighted lamp stood on the table that dusky , drizzling day . 
	 4.Example sentence: Just as Holmes the eccentric stands behind Holmes the detective , so Holmes the potential criminal lurks behind both . 

Frequency of Synset('digest.v.03'): 36  (put up with something or somebody unpleasant)
	 1.Example sentence: Can they stand rigid scrutiny ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Shakespeare 's wit and wisdom , his profound insight into human nature , have stood the test of centuries . 
	 3.Example sentence: In any case but the last , such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual ; the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining . 
	 4.Example sentence: Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('descry.v.01.spot')
Frequency of Synset('descry.v.01'): 20  (catch sight of)
	 1.Example sentence: Lieutenant Rawlins , one of the plain-clothesmen , spotted me and said , `` Hi , Shell '' , and walked toward me . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` According to Rose , he arrived here a couple minutes before nine and spotted Thor in the water , got a hooked pole from the pool equipment locker and started hauling him out . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` If you spot Carmer give a yell before you move in '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Whoever was out there hiding in the brushy cover was besieging the Antler house and , having spotted his approach , was determined to drive him off before he could get into the fight . 

Frequency of Synset('spot.v.02'): 31  (detect with the senses)
	 1.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 2.Example sentence: And you recognized me '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` But when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times , I knew I had been framed , and withdrew almost at once '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('ignore.v.01.ignore')
Frequency of Synset('ignore.v.01'): 23  (refuse to acknowledge)
	 1.Example sentence: I grinned , but ignored the question . 
	 2.Example sentence: It ignores the sordid financial aspects ( quite conveniently , too , for his audience , who could indulge in moral indignation without visible , or even conscious , discomfort , their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: They were disturbed by his idiotic bravado - as , when his bodyguard , Yankee Schwartz , complained that he had been snubbed by Dave Miller , a prize-fight referee , chieftain of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation , who were Hirschey , a gambler politician in loose beer running league with Torrio and O ' Banion , Frank , a policeman , and Max , the youngest . 
	 4.Example sentence: We assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that price level increases may offset wage rate increases , and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the `` real '' wage rate . 

Frequency of Synset('dismiss.v.01'): 32  (bar from attention or consideration)
	 1.Example sentence: I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed . 
	 2.Example sentence: In many of the syllables , intonation can be safely ignored , and much of the tonal analysis can be done without any study of intonation . 
	 3.Example sentence: He tried to ignore what his own common sense told him , but it was n't possible ; her motives were too blatant . 
	 4.Example sentence: This second conclusion , independently arrived at by independent study of material from two pairs of language families as different and remote from one another as these four are , cannot be ignored . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('conference.n.01.conference')
Frequency of Synset('conference.n.01'): 11  (a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of information or discussion (especially one with a formal agenda))
	 1.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as typographic ' esthetics ' , which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from European languages . 
	 3.Example sentence: foster and participate in regional , national , and international conferences relating to saline water conversion ; 
	 4.Example sentence: My curiosity was sharpened a day or two before the interview by a conversation I had with a well-informed teacher of literature , a Jesuit father , at a conference on religious drama near Paris . 

Frequency of Synset('league.n.01'): 11  (an association of sports teams that organizes matches for its members)
	 1.Example sentence: Through the efforts of SAAMI 's shooting development program these shooting activities , and many others , including assists in the development of public and privately financed shooting parks , trap and skeet leagues , rifle and pistol marksmanship programs have been promoted , to mention only a few . 
	 2.Example sentence: There were other clubs in this league . 
	 3.Example sentence: The leagues are full of guys like that '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The owners would like each club in the fourteen team league to play a home and home series with teams in its division , plus two games against teams in the other division . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('pile.n.01.pile')
Frequency of Synset('pile.n.01'): 12  (a collection of objects laid on top of each other)
	 1.Example sentence: Deputy coroner says it looks like he sucked in a big pile of those thick suds and strangled on ' em . 
	 2.Example sentence: They lay on the cellar floor in a disorderly pile . 
	 3.Example sentence: Without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling , which he then stained and waxed according to his taste . 
	 4.Example sentence: Just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package . 

Frequency of Synset('batch.n.02'): 15  ((often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 3.Example sentence: Must have cost plenty . 
	 4.Example sentence: That was more like a thought , but not a great deal more . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('choice.n.01.pick')
Frequency of Synset('choice.n.01'): 11  (the person or thing chosen or selected)
	 1.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 2.Example sentence: Accident , murder , suicide - take your pick '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Finally , information is retrieved from the dictionary as required by stages of the translation process - the grammatic description for sentence-structure determination , equivalent choice information for semantic analysis , and target-language equivalents for output construction . 
	 4.Example sentence: Lacking the respected and effective institutions that consensus helps provide , minority parties , such as the P.D.I. in 1957 and the progressive Istiqlal faction in 1958 , clamor for elections when out of power , but are not at all certain they wish to be controlled by popular choice when in power . 

Frequency of Synset('choice.n.02'): 21  (the act of choosing or selecting)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: The domestic tentacles even extend to the choice of a major field . 
	 3.Example sentence: These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice . 
	 4.Example sentence: Has your company developed selection and training processes that are geared to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yr. ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('couple.n.03.couple')
Frequency of Synset('couple.n.01'): 13  (a pair who associate with one another)
	 1.Example sentence: At the Hotel Dumont there had , at the time in issue , been twenty-three overnighters , counting couples as singular . 
	 2.Example sentence: What does the camping couple do to this set of figures ? 
	 3.Example sentence: From his room he could look out in springtime and see the couples hand in hand walking slowly , deliciously , across the campus , and he could smell the sweet vernal winds . 
	 4.Example sentence: A weekly newspaper reported a local romance : `` and the couple were married last Saturday , thus ending a friendship which began in their schooldays '' . 

Frequency of Synset('couple.n.04'): 12  (two items of the same kind)
	 1.Example sentence: As shown in Figure 1 , there is a connection for communication between every pair of points . 
	 2.Example sentence: The completeness of the connections provide that , for N people , there are * * f lines of communication between the pairs , which can become a large number ( 1225 ) for a party of fifty guests . 
	 3.Example sentence: This second conclusion , independently arrived at by independent study of material from two pairs of language families as different and remote from one another as these four are , cannot be ignored . 
	 4.Example sentence: The next morning , as the clock struck nine , he appeared at the Council meeting in the Town Hall and insisted that the couple would have to be punished if the Church was to be respected . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('easily.r.01.easy')
Frequency of Synset('easily.r.01'): 31  (with ease (`easy' is sometimes used informally for `easily'))
	 1.Example sentence: While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins ' pronouncement in Pleas of the Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage . 
	 2.Example sentence: I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . 
	 4.Example sentence: Henrietta could easily identify herself with Jo March , although Jo was not the eldest sister . 

Frequency of Synset('slowly.r.01'): 48  (without speed (`slow' is sometimes used informally for `slowly'))
	 1.Example sentence: Slowly the procession of warriors and statesmen passes through the snow beside the black water and into the brilliantly lighted cathedral , the shrine of so many precious memories . 
	 2.Example sentence: Negroes , Puerto Ricans , and rural newcomers are slowly making their way into the cities . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Time '' , said Angie , and he smiled very sweet and slow at Mr. Skyros . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Me '' ? she asked , turning slowly . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('belief.n.01.belief')
Frequency of Synset('belief.n.01'): 15  (any cognitive content held as true)
	 1.Example sentence: While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins ' pronouncement in Pleas of the Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage . 
	 2.Example sentence: One need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself . 
	 3.Example sentence: We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Yes , he believed that the Jews were `` enemies of the Reich '' , and such a belief is , of course , typical of `` patriotic '' anti-Semites ; but he believed in the Jew as enemy in a kind of abstract , theological way , like a member of a cult speculating on the nature of things . 

Frequency of Synset('impression.n.01'): 57  (a vague idea in which some confidence is placed)
	 1.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling . 
	 3.Example sentence: Demagogues of this sort found communist bogeys lurking behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped notions . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hence , the only defensible procedure is to repress any and every notion , unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('testify.v.01.testify')
Frequency of Synset('testify.v.01'): 14  (give testimony in a court of law)
	 1.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 
	 2.Example sentence: Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was a man , those neighbors testified later , who did n't have a friend in the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: When authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license ( he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of 77 ) , one of his victims was not around to testify : He was dead of cancer . 

Frequency of Synset('testify.v.02'): 65  (provide evidence for)
	 1.Example sentence: Juet demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial . 
	 2.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Reading the Old Testament would have shown the dramatist that the ideas attributed to Shylock were abhorrent to the Jews . 
	 4.Example sentence: Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('adapt.v.01.accommodate')
Frequency of Synset('suit.v.01'): 26  (be agreeable or acceptable to)
	 1.Example sentence: International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . 
	 2.Example sentence: International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: Some of the earlier episodes have touches of the supernatural , as suited to the legendary background . 

Frequency of Synset('adapt.v.01'): 12  (make fit for, or change to suit a new purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: One need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself . 
	 2.Example sentence: That is why the form itself becomes a preoccupation , because it exists as a problem separate from the material it accommodates . 
	 3.Example sentence: To find a form that accommodates the mess , that is the task of the artist now '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Swadesh in short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal ; I , one that was specifically adapted to the San Joaquin Valley . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('easily.r.01.easily')
Frequency of Synset('easily.r.01'): 31  (with ease (`easy' is sometimes used informally for `easily'))
	 1.Example sentence: While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins ' pronouncement in Pleas of the Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage . 
	 2.Example sentence: I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . 
	 4.Example sentence: Henrietta could easily identify herself with Jo March , although Jo was not the eldest sister . 

Frequency of Synset('well.r.03'): 16  (indicating high probability; in all likelihood)
	 1.Example sentence: Arthur Williams 's might well have been included , he felt . 
	 2.Example sentence: This we might well witness '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated . 
	 4.Example sentence: In such circumstances , it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an increase in the basic wage rate . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('claim.v.01.claim')
Frequency of Synset('claim.v.01'): 34  (assert or affirm strongly; state to be true or existing)
	 1.Example sentence: Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , was convicted of violating 12 ( a ) of the Universal Military Training and Service Act by refusing to be inducted into the armed forces . 
	 2.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 3.Example sentence: Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , contends that he was denied due process , both in the proceedings before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice and at trial . 
	 4.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 

Frequency of Synset('claim.v.02'): 15  (demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to)
	 1.Example sentence: He claimed 4 , - D classification as a minister of religion , devoting a minimum of 100 hours a month to preaching . 
	 2.Example sentence: Petitioner also claimed at trial the right to inspect the original Federal Bureau of Investigation reports to the Department of Justice . 
	 3.Example sentence: He sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` Acting Lieutenant Gunnar Matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station 's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the Homicide Detail of the Inspector's Bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O. T. Killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six '' - he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` - failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordered . 
	 4.Example sentence: Not surprisingly , Dr. Ellis says , some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('deny.v.03.deny')
Frequency of Synset('deny.v.01'): 23  (declare untrue; contradict)
	 1.Example sentence: He might deny the latter ; would certainly deny any connection between the two things , or any connection of either with murder . 
	 2.Example sentence: He might deny the latter ; would certainly deny any connection between the two things , or any connection of either with murder . 
	 3.Example sentence: George poised with the tack hammer , the homely , everyday atmosphere , all denied an attempt at murder . 
	 4.Example sentence: It might be contended , of course , that Eichmann in stubbornly denying anti-Semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private definition of anti-Semitism . 

Frequency of Synset('deny.v.02'): 20  (refuse to accept or believe)
	 1.Example sentence: Who will deny that in a vast portion of the South the Federal action is incompatible with the Jeffersonian concept of `` the consent of the governed '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The late R. G. Collingwood , a philosopher whose work has proved helpful to many students of literature , once wrote `` We are all , though many of us are snobbish enough to wish to deny it , in far closer sympathy with the art of the music-hall and picture-palace than with Chaucer and Cimabue , or even Shakespeare and Titian . 
	 3.Example sentence: No one will deny that such broad developments and transitions are of great intrinsic interest and the study of ideas in literature would be woefully incomplete without frequent reference to them . 
	 4.Example sentence: That is not to deny that he has been aware of traditions , of course , that he is steeped in them , in fact , or that he has dealt with them , in his books . 

Frequency of Synset('deny.v.03'): 16  (refuse to grant, as of a petition or request)
	 1.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 3.Example sentence: Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; petitioner was not denied due process ; and his conviction is sustained . 
	 4.Example sentence: Petitioner was not denied due process in the administrative proceedings , because the statement in question was in his file , to which he had access , and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the Department of Justice and before the appeal board . 

Frequency of Synset('deny.v.04'): 17  (refuse to let have)
	 1.Example sentence: They have a sense of marginality at being denied that special badge of status , the out-of-town school . 
	 2.Example sentence: If these people were denied a voice ( do they have a moral right to a voice ? ) 
	 3.Example sentence: Du Pont would be denied the right to acquire any additional General Motors stock except through General Motors ' distributions of stock or subscription rights to its stockholders . 
	 4.Example sentence: We do not deny originality to the Agamemnon because Aeschylus found the tales of the house of Atreus among the folk lore of the Greeks . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('procedure.n.01.procedure')
Frequency of Synset('procedure.n.01'): 98  (a particular course of action intended to achieve a result)
	 1.Example sentence: North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week . 
	 2.Example sentence: Law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms . 
	 3.Example sentence: The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive . 
	 4.Example sentence: Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; petitioner was not denied due process ; and his conviction is sustained . 

Frequency of Synset('operation.n.07'): 17  (a process or series of acts especially of a practical or mechanical nature involved in a particular form of work)
	 1.Example sentence: They will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: It 's too bad I did n't call you , and it 's too bad I let Schaeffer use Accacia when he could have had a boy who 'd be glad to learn something of Homicide procedure . 
	 4.Example sentence: But his hands and those of Donovan moved automatically adjusting and arranging in the check-out procedure . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sustain.v.06.sustain')
Frequency of Synset('prolong.v.02'): 11  (lengthen or extend in duration or space)
	 1.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 2.Example sentence: In a rapidly changing society congregations will run into difficulties repeatedly , since such nice balances of economic integration are hard to sustain in the metropolis for more than a single generation . 
	 3.Example sentence: It could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity , since worship presupposes some local stabilities . 
	 4.Example sentence: Body heat in the close quarters will help keep up the temperature . 

Frequency of Synset('suffer.v.02'): 25  (undergo (as of injuries and illnesses))
	 1.Example sentence: Sadie , like Beth March , suffered ill health - got rheumatic fever and had to be careful of her heart - but that never dampened her spirits . 
	 2.Example sentence: But Johnson could n't quickly unwire the truck door , and if I escaped , he might suffer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Before the fight was over , the Harlem boy had a concussion and Trig was cut up badly . 
	 4.Example sentence: - Held out of Texas Tech 's sweat suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle Richard Stafford , who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders ' 38 - 7 loss to Texas A+M . 

Frequency of Synset('sustain.v.04'): 18  (supply with necessities and support)
	 1.Example sentence: Manthey maintained a valuable collection of physical and chemical apparatus which was at Oersted 's disposal during and after his graduation . 
	 2.Example sentence: But Blanche had been able to maintain a serene and assured composure in the face of her widowed mother 's continued carping , had been able to resist her urgings to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of matrimony . 
	 3.Example sentence: But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths . 
	 4.Example sentence: This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says Pasley , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` Belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.10'): 25  (be the physical support of; carry the weight of)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A man was holding onto Lou , holding him up . 
	 2.Example sentence: To his faint surprise Russ held up his hand . 
	 3.Example sentence: Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit . 
	 4.Example sentence: The phonemic systems which must support these morphophonemic systems , however , are very different . 

Frequency of Synset('confirm.v.01'): 38  (establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts)
	 1.Example sentence: The Court of Appeals affirmed . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have concluded that petitioner 's claims are controlled by the rationale of gonzales v. United States , 348 U. S. 407 ( 1955 ) , and United States v. Nugent , 346 U. S .1 ( 1953 ) , and therefore affirm the judgment . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 
	 4.Example sentence: My interviews with teen-agers confirmed this portrait of the weakening of religious and ethnic bonds . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('argue.v.01.argue')
Frequency of Synset('argue.v.01'): 36  (present reasons and arguments)
	 1.Example sentence: Haydn C. Covington argued the cause and filed a brief for petitioner . 
	 2.Example sentence: Daniel M. Friedman argued the cause for the United States . 
	 3.Example sentence: It could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes . 
	 4.Example sentence: It could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity , since worship presupposes some local stabilities . 

Frequency of Synset('argue.v.02'): 20  (have an argument about something)
	 1.Example sentence: It argued , inter alia , that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and du Pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity . 
	 2.Example sentence: General Motors comprehensively contended that the Government plan would not be `` in the public interest '' as required by the mandate of this Court . 
	 3.Example sentence: Some of us might be inclined to argue , in fact , that an independence of mind and action and an intolerance of regimentation , either mental or physical , are particularly Southern traits . 
	 4.Example sentence: It might be contended , of course , that Eichmann in stubbornly denying anti-Semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private definition of anti-Semitism . 

Frequency of Synset('argue.v.03'): 14  (give evidence of)
	 1.Example sentence: The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven o ' clock dinner . 
	 2.Example sentence: Individual differences in maturation and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their capacity for school achievement . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still , it would be surprising if what one reads did not contribute to one 's ideas of right and wrong ; certainly the awakened alarm over the comic books and the continuous concern over prurient literature indicate some peripheral aspects of this influence . 
	 4.Example sentence: The record of past earnings and prospects for the future must indicate it has the ability to repay the loan out of current and anticipated income . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('render.v.05.deliver')
Frequency of Synset('deliver.v.01'): 22  (deliver (a speech, oration, or idea))
	 1.Example sentence: Emerson - Platonist , idealist , doctrinaire - sounded a high Transcendental note in his `` Boston Hymn '' , delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : `` Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He saw himself before them delivering the speech . 
	 3.Example sentence: This was delivered in a forthright way , without coyness and over pretended interest - an admirable way with children . 
	 4.Example sentence: Booth had delivered his line . 

Frequency of Synset('deliver.v.02'): 15  (bring to a destination, make a delivery)
	 1.Example sentence: Gun knew it was Car 12 , the wagon , returned from delivering Ingleside 's drunk-and-disorderlies to the City Jail . 
	 2.Example sentence: And most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We 'd give him things to deliver , letters , checks , deeds and things like that '' , remembers his half-brother Walter , still in the real estate business in savannah , `` and learn days later that he 'd absent-mindedly stuffed them into his pocket . 
	 4.Example sentence: It should be no more difficult to deliver such devices than other weapons . 

Frequency of Synset('rescue.v.01'): 13  (free from harm or evil)
	 1.Example sentence: These areas by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the audience a man named Ferguson lost his head and tried to rescue a little girl from the mob , on the same principle which had led Miss Harris to demand water . 
	 3.Example sentence: That parallelism affects his picture of man 's disobedience too ; for as it was Christ , the Word of God , who came to rescue man , so it was disobedience to the word of God in the beginning that brought death into the world , and all our woe . 
	 4.Example sentence: The sheriff and District Attorney Mills hastily swore out a number of warrants against men who had been riding about armed , according to signed statements by Chavez and Dr. I. P. George , and ordered Deputy Barney Clark of Raton to rescue the posseman . 

Frequency of Synset('give_birth.v.01'): 21  (cause to be born)
	 1.Example sentence: He was born in the small Danish town of Rudkoebing on the island of Langeland in the south central part of Denmark on August 14 , 1777 . 
	 2.Example sentence: He also met Count Rumford ( born Benjamin Thompson in Woburn, Mass . ) who was then serving the Elector of Bavaria , and the physicist Ritter ; these were Oersted 's main contacts in science . 
	 3.Example sentence: He seemed to remember reading somewhere that Abyssinians had large litters , and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens . 
	 4.Example sentence: O ' Banion was born in poverty , the son of an immigrant Irish plasterer , in the North Side 's Little Hell , close by the Sicilian quarter and Death Corner . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('contend.v.01.contend')
Frequency of Synset('contend.v.01'): 13  (maintain or assert)
	 1.Example sentence: Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , contends that he was denied due process , both in the proceedings before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice and at trial . 
	 2.Example sentence: Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity , before its final recommendation to the appeal board , to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: We have proved so able to solve technological problems that to contend we cannot realize a universal goal in the immediate future is to be extremely shortsighted , if nothing else . 

Frequency of Synset('argue.v.02'): 20  (have an argument about something)
	 1.Example sentence: It argued , inter alia , that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and du Pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity . 
	 2.Example sentence: General Motors comprehensively contended that the Government plan would not be `` in the public interest '' as required by the mandate of this Court . 
	 3.Example sentence: Some of us might be inclined to argue , in fact , that an independence of mind and action and an intolerance of regimentation , either mental or physical , are particularly Southern traits . 
	 4.Example sentence: It might be contended , of course , that Eichmann in stubbornly denying anti-Semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private definition of anti-Semitism . 

Frequency of Synset('cope.v.01'): 16  (come to terms with)
	 1.Example sentence: Even if it did not , how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and submachine guns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Martha presumably would cope . 
	 3.Example sentence: The expedient thing - yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The state universities of Maine , New Hampshire , And Vermont are older and more `` respectable '' ; they had less immigration to contend with . 

Frequency of Synset('contend.v.06'): 47  (be engaged in a fight; carry on a fight)
	 1.Example sentence: With Hudson looking on , his protege Greene picked a fight with the ship 's surgeon , Edward Wilson . 
	 2.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('further.r.01.further')
Frequency of Synset('further.r.01'): 35  (to or at a greater extent or degree or a more advanced stage (`further' is used more often than `farther' in this abstract sense))
	 1.Example sentence: He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim - all in violation of the Fifth Amendment . 
	 2.Example sentence: The transmutation of mission to co-optation is further indicated by the insignificance of educational activities , worship , preaching , and publicity in reaching new members . 
	 3.Example sentence: To be checked out further . 
	 4.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 

Frequency of Synset('far.r.01'): 58  (to a considerable degree; very much)
	 1.Example sentence: While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous . 
	 2.Example sentence: Despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; they are priceless even though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page ; they are the most valuable of commodities - and the most salable , for their demand far exceeds supply . 
	 3.Example sentence: Research , on the other hand , has shown many stepmothers to be eminently successful , some far better than the real mothers . 
	 4.Example sentence: Second , the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son . 

Frequency of Synset('far.r.02'): 27  (at or to or from a great distance in space)
	 1.Example sentence: But there remained one mysterious , unexplored gap , far to the north . 
	 2.Example sentence: A group of sailors announced to Hudson that they would sail no farther . 
	 3.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 4.Example sentence: He ai n't gone far '' ! a harsh cry floated to him across the brush . 

Frequency of Synset('far.r.03'): 18  (at or to a certain point or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: Had the Communist led Pathet Lao finally come this far ? 
	 2.Example sentence: While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i. e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual . 
	 4.Example sentence: His son watched until he got as far as the hall , almost out of sight , then hurried after . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('confirm.v.01.affirm')
Frequency of Synset('confirm.v.01'): 38  (establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts)
	 1.Example sentence: The Court of Appeals affirmed . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have concluded that petitioner 's claims are controlled by the rationale of gonzales v. United States , 348 U. S. 407 ( 1955 ) , and United States v. Nugent , 346 U. S .1 ( 1953 ) , and therefore affirm the judgment . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 
	 4.Example sentence: My interviews with teen-agers confirmed this portrait of the weakening of religious and ethnic bonds . 

Frequency of Synset('affirm.v.02'): 13  (to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true)
	 1.Example sentence: In his answer thereto , he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956 , and asserted that his only claim to `` pioneering '' was in 1952 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Even now no such claim is asserted . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Poetics , in affirming that all human arts are `` modes of imitation '' , gives a more serious role to artistic mimesis than did Plato . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1930 , the Lambeth Conference again affirmed the primary purpose of marriage to be the procreation of children , but conceded that , in certain limited circumstances , contraception might be morally legitimate . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('religion.n.02.religion')
Frequency of Synset('religion.n.01'): 77  (a strong belief in a supernatural power or powers that control human destiny)
	 1.Example sentence: `` What matters here is family loyalty ; faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the phis , the spirits ; and to live in harmony with nature '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . 
	 3.Example sentence: Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Fellowship by likeness '' and `` mission by friendly contact '' form the iron cage of denominational religion . 

Frequency of Synset('religion.n.02'): 15  (an institution to express belief in a divine power)
	 1.Example sentence: He claimed 4 , - D classification as a minister of religion , devoting a minimum of 100 hours a month to preaching . 
	 2.Example sentence: They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction . 
	 3.Example sentence: The reason offered for clinging to the ancestral faith lacked force and authority even in the teen-agers ' minds . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I want to show respect for my parents ' religion '' was the way in which a boy justified his inhabiting a halfway house of Judaism . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('class.n.01.class')
Frequency of Synset('class.n.01'): 40  (a collection of things sharing a common attribute)
	 1.Example sentence: On November 13 , 1952 , he was classified in Class 1 , - A . 
	 2.Example sentence: So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others . 
	 3.Example sentence: These general facts are mentioned to make clear that the total situation in the two families is similar enough to warrant comparison . 
	 4.Example sentence: Swadesh , and therefore Hoijer , felt compelled to omit all terms denoting species or even genera ( fox , vulture , salmon , yellow pine , manzanita ) ; their classes of animal and plant terms are restricted to generalizations or recurrent parts ( fish , bird , tree , grass , horn , tail , bark , root ) . 

Frequency of Synset('class.n.02'): 30  (a body of students who are taught together)
	 1.Example sentence: The writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in St. Joseph , Missouri . 
	 2.Example sentence: In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 . 
	 3.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 
	 4.Example sentence: Undoubtedly far more can be done in the lower grades in this regard in the Negro schools . 

Frequency of Synset('course.n.01'): 65  (education imparted in a series of lessons or meetings)
	 1.Example sentence: However , a growing intellectual sophistication and the new certitudes imparted by courses in psychology and anthropology make the students increasingly critical of their somewhat provincial and overprotective parents . 
	 2.Example sentence: The girls are prone to dress far more flamboyantly than their counterparts out of town , and eye shadow , mascara , and elaborate bouffant hairdos - despite the admonitions of cautious guidance personnel - are not unknown even in early morning classes . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 4.Example sentence: In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('church.n.01.church')
Frequency of Synset('church.n.01'): 60  (one of the groups of Christians who have their own beliefs and forms of worship)
	 1.Example sentence: In a periodic review , the local board on July 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1 , - A and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home . 
	 2.Example sentence: It reported that he now devoted only some 6 - 1 2 hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities . 
	 3.Example sentence: The breakdown of social homogeneity in inner city areas and the spread of inner city blight account for the decline of central city churches . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 

Frequency of Synset('church.n.02'): 58  (a place for public (especially Christian) worship)
	 1.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 
	 2.Example sentence: To be Katharine Ross , and work in a nicer shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes , and learn ladies ' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with foreign sounding names , the ones went to the same church and - Different place , different job , different people , she 'd be all different too . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` There 's a church you should see '' , she said . 
	 4.Example sentence: He let her tell him all about the church . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('testify.v.02.evidence')
Frequency of Synset('attest.v.01'): 27  (provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes)
	 1.Example sentence: During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment - and the bitterest irony - enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : 
	 2.Example sentence: There is much research evidence to validate the use of the instrument in differentiating individuals who are likely to manifest anxiety in varying degrees . 
	 3.Example sentence: Certainly , one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-Semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon . 
	 4.Example sentence: Particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist , some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware , and the recognition of which , as a part of himself , he finds distinctly unwelcome . 

Frequency of Synset('testify.v.02'): 65  (provide evidence for)
	 1.Example sentence: Juet demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial . 
	 2.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Reading the Old Testament would have shown the dramatist that the ideas attributed to Shylock were abhorrent to the Jews . 
	 4.Example sentence: Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('actual.s.03.actual')
Frequency of Synset('actual.a.01'): 22  (presently existing in fact and not merely potential or possible)
	 1.Example sentence: As a word of caution , we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types , question , command , statement , or exclamation . 
	 2.Example sentence: Actual practice does not often work out this way . 
	 3.Example sentence: In order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces , such as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation . 
	 4.Example sentence: The actual mean of 1.07 being about halfway between 0 of complete correlation and 2.0 of no correlation , it is evident that there is a pretty fair degree of similarity in the behavior even of particular individual items of meaning as regards long-term stem displacement . 

Frequency of Synset('actual.s.03'): 16  (being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something; ; - G.K.Chesterton)
	 1.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 2.Example sentence: Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity , before its final recommendation to the appeal board , to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching . 
	 3.Example sentence: Anyone who tried to remedy some of the most glaring defects in our form of democracy was denounced as a traitorous red whose real purpose was the destruction of our government . 
	 4.Example sentence: The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('position.n.06.position')
Frequency of Synset('position.n.01'): 30  (the particular portion of space occupied by something)
	 1.Example sentence: The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then at least he would have a place to hang his tools and something to work on . 
	 3.Example sentence: These my grandmother left in their places ( they are still there , more persistent and longer-lived than the generations of man ) and planted others like them , that flourished without careful tending . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first one or two roof boards ( marked `` E '' in fig. 6 ) are slipped into place across the roof beams , from outside the shelter . 

Frequency of Synset('position.n.03'): 58  (a way of regarding situations or topics etc.)
	 1.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was not opposed to either justice or morality ; it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 4.Example sentence: We granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act . 

Frequency of Synset('position.n.04'): 16  (the arrangement of the body and its limbs)
	 1.Example sentence: Behind him on the steps of the little office sat old man Arthur ; he was straight , something angry in his attitude , as if he might be waiting to report something . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath defying his ulcer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Just as I got to my knees , there was again the sound of the fence stretching , and I had time only to start taking my kneeling posture seriously . 
	 4.Example sentence: I regained my squatting position behind the truck cab 's rear window . 

Frequency of Synset('status.n.01'): 31  (the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society)
	 1.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 3.Example sentence: Contract - conceived as the free bargain of formal equals - replaced the implied obligations of a more static and status conscious society . 
	 4.Example sentence: The university was the only one in Denmark and the status of professor represented the upper social level . 

Frequency of Synset('position.n.06'): 20  (a job in an organization)
	 1.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 2.Example sentence: He sat stiff-backed in a chair that did not swivel , though it was obvious to Gun that Killpath felt his position as acting captain plainly merited a swivel chair . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , it determined that neither this factor , nor `` the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly , each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone , including du Pont 's competitors '' , 353 U. S. , at 607 , outweighed the Government 's claim for relief . 
	 4.Example sentence: The wrong man in the wrong position , perhaps even in a junior position abroad , can be a source of great harm to our policy ; the attitudes of a U.N. delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New York City , or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our Capital , can be easily be directed against the United States and all that it stands for . 

Frequency of Synset('situation.n.02'): 20  (a condition or position in which you find yourself)
	 1.Example sentence: On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . 
	 2.Example sentence: The expedient thing - yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: I believe the situation is improving , but the success stories need to be heavily publicized . 
	 4.Example sentence: These polar concerns ( imitation vs. formalism ) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('project.v.10.cast')
Frequency of Synset('project.v.10'): 11  (put or send forth)
	 1.Example sentence: His claim was therefore `` so highly exaggerated '' , the Department concluded , that it `` cast doubt upon his veracity and , consequently , upon his sincerity and good faith '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: By an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present , and enjoy the carvings of cavemen and Japanese colour prints ; but the possibility of this effort is bound up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries , and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken place . 
	 3.Example sentence: The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity . 
	 4.Example sentence: The glorious news had been held up pending Heavenly confirmation of the elevation of a new Supreme Bishop , Huey Short - a candidate accepted by the Boone faction after lots had been cast repeatedly . 

Frequency of Synset('roll.v.12'): 23  (move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment)
	 1.Example sentence: A dominant motive is the poet 's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Those souls like to wander off , and must be called back . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs . 
	 4.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 

Frequency of Synset('frame.v.04'): 29  (formulate in a particular style or language)
	 1.Example sentence: Robert Penn Warren puts it this way in `` Brother to Dragons '' : 
	 2.Example sentence: During the decade that followed , the common man , as that piece put it , grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled from behind Saint Woodrow ( Wilson ) only to learn from Science , to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow - that there was a chemical formula for him , and that too much could n't be expected of him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Another put sex on a dollars and cents basis . 
	 4.Example sentence: Lawrence could not put his finger on it precisely , and this worried him . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('admit.v.01.admit')
Frequency of Synset('admit.v.01'): 61  (declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of)
	 1.Example sentence: He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times , and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer . 
	 2.Example sentence: He was also , if Pam North was right , a closer acquaintance of Lauren Payne 's than she , now , was inclined to admit . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` So help me , Crouch , I 'd like to kill you where you stand , but , before I do , I 'm going to hear you admit killing him . 
	 4.Example sentence: This dirty coward just admitted killing Arbuckle . 

Frequency of Synset('admit.v.02'): 11  (allow to enter; grant entry to)
	 1.Example sentence: It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` How could the mess be admitted , because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to be '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: It is there and it must be allowed in '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: How , I asked , could chaos be admitted to chaos ? 

Frequency of Synset('accept.v.05'): 17  (admit into a group or community)
	 1.Example sentence: I 've always admired him , and when I heard he was taking a few pupils , I went to him and joined his class '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Since the Santo Spirito hospital had taken only men , he had had no experience in the study of female anatomy ; but he had sketched the women of Tuscany in their fields and homes . 
	 3.Example sentence: The difference is that the masters took the bare frame of a plot and filled it with their own world ; most modern adapters totally accept the world of a book , squeeze it dry of life , and add only one contribution of their own : 
	 4.Example sentence: She learns how to relax them to accept - instead of contracting them to repel the entering object . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('agency.n.01.agency')
Frequency of Synset('agency.n.01'): 48  (an administrative unit of government)
	 1.Example sentence: We said there that it was necessary `` that a registrant be given an opportunity to rebut [ the Department 's ] recommendation when it comes to the Appeal Board , the agency with the ultimate responsibility for classification '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; and cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . 
	 3.Example sentence: coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; and cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The fullest cooperation by and with Atomic Energy Commission , the Department of Health Education and Welfare , the Department of State , and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this Act . 

Frequency of Synset('means.n.01'): 105  (how a result is obtained or an end is achieved)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . 
	 3.Example sentence: Such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer . 
	 4.Example sentence: In March , 1961 , representatives of the national laboratories of Australia , Canada , The Netherlands , United Kingdom , U. S. S. R. , United States , and West Germany , met at the NBS to devise means for reaching international agreement on a temperature scale between 10 and 90 * * f . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('render.v.05.render')
Frequency of Synset('render.v.01'): 11  (cause to become)
	 1.Example sentence: The person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems . 
	 2.Example sentence: Reduces losses from stomach , hookworm , and nodular worms by interfering with reproduction of the female worm by reducing the number of eggs laid and essentially rendering all laid eggs sterile . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whoever , in the United States or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $ 5000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this title . 
	 4.Example sentence: Literal flatness now tends to assert itself as the main event of the picture , and the device boomerangs : the illusion of depth is rendered even more precarious than before . 

Frequency of Synset('supply.v.01'): 351  (give something useful or necessary to)
	 1.Example sentence: If you provide inter plant transportation , can this be replaced by available public transportation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 3.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1609 , the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson , gave him two learned geographers , fitted him out with a ship called the Half Moon , and supplied him with Dutch sailors . 

Frequency of Synset('render.v.04'): 25  (give or supply)
	 1.Example sentence: When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart . 
	 2.Example sentence: I 've given willful hurt to no man . 
	 3.Example sentence: A tavern , filling station , junk yard , rendering plant , or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value . 
	 4.Example sentence: The dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were : * * f This was not , of course , enough sampling to give a satisfactory description of the vertical diffusion of the aerosol . 

Frequency of Synset('render.v.07'): 14  (give back)
	 1.Example sentence: It 'll be a pleasure for you to return this money to Colcord and tell him about it , Russ `` . 
	 2.Example sentence: He started to return it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Upon such sale , there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale . 
	 4.Example sentence: From its inception in 1920 with the passage of Public Law 236 , 66 th Congress , the purpose of the vocational rehabilitation program has been to assist the States , by means of grants-in-aid , to return disabled men and women to productive , gainful employment . 

Frequency of Synset('picture.v.02'): 40  (show in, or as in, a picture)
	 1.Example sentence: As shown in Figure 1 , there is a connection for communication between every pair of points . 
	 2.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ought not an edifying Trial have made every effort to demonstrate this once and for all by showing how representative types of `` mere '' anti-Semites were drawn step by step into the program of skull bashings and gassings ? 
	 4.Example sentence: They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 . 

Frequency of Synset('translate.v.01'): 11  (restate (words) from one language into another language)
	 1.Example sentence: Carla translated . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Holy Father would die soon , she said to Carla , so she could translate for Sam , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was not even in writing Latin epigrams , sometimes bawdy ones , or in translating Lucian from Greek into Latin or in defending the study of Greek against the attack of conservative academics , or in attacking the conservative theologians who opposed Erasmus 's philological study of the New Testament . 
	 4.Example sentence: Neither do I , but the Tjokorda Agoeng was good enough to translate , and I 'll do as much for you . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('procure.v.01.secure')
Frequency of Synset('procure.v.01'): 23  (get by special effort)
	 1.Example sentence: At his trial , petitioner sought to secure through subpoena duces tecum the longhand notes of the Department 's hearing officer , Evensen , as well as his report thereon . 
	 2.Example sentence: To secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started . 
	 3.Example sentence: There has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance . 
	 4.Example sentence: Unemployed older workers who have no expectation of securing employment in the occupation in which they are skilled should be able to secure counseling and retraining in an occupation with a future . 

Frequency of Synset('fasten.v.01'): 20  (cause to be firmly attached)
	 1.Example sentence: He reached out to pull the door shut and fasten it with a sliding bolt . 
	 2.Example sentence: Finally , the conception of the natural community of all possessions which originated with the Stoics was firmly fixed in a tradition by More 's time , although it was not accepted by all the theologian philosophers of the Middle Ages . 
	 3.Example sentence: Each scene is shot straight through , as had been the universal custom , from a camera fixed in a single position , but in the outdoor scenes , especially in the capture and destruction of the outlaws , Porter 's camera position breaks , necessarily , with the camera position standard until then , which had been , roughly , that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play . 
	 4.Example sentence: The form was swathed in an army blanket , much patched , fastened at the neck with a cord . 

Frequency of Synset('guarantee.v.02'): 39  (make certain of)
	 1.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 2.Example sentence: Is there some magic in it that assures results ? 
	 3.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 4.Example sentence: Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society ; and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('pass.v.05.turn_over')
Frequency of Synset('pass.v.05'): 52  (place into the hands or custody of)
	 1.Example sentence: U. S. Rubber Company , New York , passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: But there is nothing in the Act requiring the hearing officer 's report to be likewise turned over to the registrant . 
	 3.Example sentence: Handing the money over , Russ wiped his hands on his pants-legs as if ridding himself of something unclean . 
	 4.Example sentence: He replenished the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck . 

Frequency of Synset('roll.v.01'): 17  (move by turning over or rotating)
	 1.Example sentence: He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn . 
	 2.Example sentence: Below the moon splashed world rolled away to insurmountable white peaks ; above him the deep blue sky glittered with stars . 
	 3.Example sentence: Dice rolled , prostitutes plied their trade , thieves stole , murderers stabbed , and the ungodly blasphemed . 
	 4.Example sentence: I think his name stopped the snoring but he did n't move except to roll a little when I shoved him . 

Frequency of Synset('consider.v.05'): 15  (think about carefully; weigh)
	 1.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Her impact in the ZING commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series , Underwater Western Eye , a documentary type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits . 
	 3.Example sentence: Dr. Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the Century Magazine or Harper 's but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in The Messenger , `` so our readers will be benefited instead '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: They want to be fat cats , Pam thought , and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('regulation.n.01.regulation')
Frequency of Synset('regulation.n.01'): 11  (an authoritative rule)
	 1.Example sentence: While the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer 's report be placed in the registrant 's file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 . 
	 2.Example sentence: The commands are specified by the military regulations ; are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior may issue rules and regulations to effectuate the purposes of this Act . 
	 4.Example sentence: He is not one to remain more comfortably and unquestioningly within a body of social , cultural , or literary traditions than he was within the traditions - or possibly the regulations - governing his tenure in the post office at Oxford , Mississippi , thirty-five years ago . 

Frequency of Synset('rule.n.01'): 17  (a principle or condition that customarily governs behavior)
	 1.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 2.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 3.Example sentence: States were free to enact , within broad though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Court 's opinion dogmatically asserts that the husband wife conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship , and that hence the doctrine `` enthrone [ s ] an unreality into a rule of law '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('extinguish.v.04.eliminate')
Frequency of Synset('extinguish.v.04'): 40  (terminate, end, or take out)
	 1.Example sentence: While the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer 's report be placed in the registrant 's file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 . 
	 2.Example sentence: It occurred to Bill Weigand that he was , on a hunch basis , eliminating a good many . 
	 3.Example sentence: The right to leave legacies should be substantially reduced and ultimately eliminated . 
	 4.Example sentence: This has necessitated a continuous review and reevaluation of the defense program in order to redirect resources to the newer and more important weapons systems and to eliminate or reduce effort on weapons systems which have been overtaken by events . 

Frequency of Synset('obviate.v.01'): 13  (do away with)
	 1.Example sentence: These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer 's vocabulary is based on Swadesh 's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined . 
	 2.Example sentence: This absence of peaky highs and beefed-up bass not only produces greater fidelity , but it eliminates listener fatigue . 
	 3.Example sentence: Obviously , the four year provision limits this to fundamentals and much desirable material must be eliminated . 
	 4.Example sentence: the suburbanite naturally calls a local rather than a central city number if both are listed in an advertisement , especially if the local call eliminates city sales tax . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('target.v.01.direct')
Frequency of Synset('direct.v.01'): 17  (command with authority)
	 1.Example sentence: The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are : ( a ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. . 
	 2.Example sentence: Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress . 
	 3.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering - 
	 4.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . 

Frequency of Synset('target.v.01'): 18  (intend (something) to move towards a certain goal)
	 1.Example sentence: Moreover , the hearing officer 's report is but intradepartmental , is directed to the Attorney General and , of course , is not the recommendation of the Department . 
	 2.Example sentence: But it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology . 
	 3.Example sentence: But , in general , we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other . 
	 4.Example sentence: In June 1845 , the Governor and Council of Assiniboia imposed a 20 per cent duty on imports via Hudson's Bay which were viewed as aimed at the `` very vitals of the Company 's trade and power '' . 

Frequency of Synset('direct.v.03'): 13  (guide the actors in (plays and films))
	 1.Example sentence: Directed by Michael Murray ; settings by William David Roberts . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Newport Playhouse presents `` Epitaph For George Dillon '' by John Osborne and Anthony Creighton , directed by Wallace Gray . 
	 3.Example sentence: Wallace Gray has directed a difficult play here , usually well , but with just a bit too much physical movement in the first act for my taste . 
	 4.Example sentence: with music and lyrics by Frank Loesser , directed by Christopher Hewett , choreography by Peter Conlow , musical direction by Samuel Matlowsky . 

Frequency of Synset('lead.v.01'): 121  (take somebody somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable by-product of murder , led to Garth 's door . 
	 3.Example sentence: He took Madden into the room he used as an office . 
	 4.Example sentence: I guided her to the divan , turned off the TV , faced her . 

Frequency of Synset('send.v.01'): 77  (cause to go somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1607 and 1608 , the English Muscovy Company had sent him northward to look for a route over the North Pole or across the top of Russia . 
	 2.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the late 1700 's Beccaria and van Marum , among others , had magnetized iron by sending an electrostatic charge through it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Beccaria had almost stumbled on a lead to the relationship between electricity and magnetism when a discharge from a Leyden jar was sent transversally through a piece of watch spring steel making its ends magnetic . 

Frequency of Synset('aim.v.01'): 13  (point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards)
	 1.Example sentence: First , the student trains on his hapless parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Phillips took a razor to Gonzalez , Prop. , but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome . 
	 3.Example sentence: But if there was evidence at the Trial that aimed over Eichmann 's head at his collaborators in the societies where he functioned , the press seems to have missed it . 
	 4.Example sentence: I took it . 

Frequency of Synset('conduct.v.02'): 42  (lead, as in the performance of a composition)
	 1.Example sentence: I heard the Classical Symphony for the first time when Koussevitzky conducted it in Paris in 1927 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Chicago was also a welcome host : there , in 1921 , Prokofieff conducted the world premiere of the Love for Three Oranges , and played the first performance of his Third Piano Concerto . 
	 3.Example sentence: Unlike the Sicilians , he additionally conducted holdups , robberies , and safe cracking expeditions , and refused to touch prostitution . 
	 4.Example sentence: Chandler left Carroll at the bottom of the hill to direct any reinforcements he could find to the fight . 

Frequency of Synset('steer.v.01'): 26  (direct the course; determine the direction of travelling)
	 1.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson pointed the Discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called Hudson Bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific . 
	 3.Example sentence: Finally , as time began to run out , he headed into Ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies . 
	 4.Example sentence: There remained only the delicate task of maneuvering the laws through the labyrinth of Palace politics and making a small number of policy decisions . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('significant.a.01.significant')
Frequency of Synset('significant.a.01'): 22  (important in effect or meaning)
	 1.Example sentence: It is also significant that neither this report nor the hearing officer 's notes were furnished to the appeal board . 
	 2.Example sentence: One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college oriented . 
	 3.Example sentence: One of the significant developments in American Jewish life is that the cultural consumers are largely the women . 
	 4.Example sentence: A significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of Prandtl numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region . 

Frequency of Synset('significant.s.02'): 31  (fairly large)
	 1.Example sentence: If we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the process , he develops some very significant observations about problems of a sort that are often difficult . 
	 3.Example sentence: Lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of New Englanders engaged in the slave trade . 
	 4.Example sentence: In my view , there should be a school which offers significant vocational programs for boys within easy reach of every family in a city . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('decision.n.02.conclusion')
Frequency of Synset('decision.n.02'): 40  (a position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration)
	 1.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 
	 2.Example sentence: As was said in Gonzales , `` it is the Appeal Board which renders the selective service determination considered ' final ' in the courts , not to be overturned unless there is no basis in fact . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board . 
	 4.Example sentence: The recommendation of the Department - as well as the decision of the appeal board - was based entirely on the local board file , not on an FBI report . 

Frequency of Synset('stopping_point.n.01'): 12  (the temporal end; the concluding time)
	 1.Example sentence: The treatment seems unnecessarily loose jointed and complex , largely because the method is lax and the analysis seems never to be pushed to a satisfactory or even a consistent stopping-point . 
	 2.Example sentence: The latter , members of two regiments of Swiss mercenaries transported by Great Britain to Canada to fight the Americans in the War of 1812 , had settled in Montreal and Kingston at the close of the war in 1815 . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was the conclusion of the first phase of a process of tragic recollection , and of refining the recollection , that will last as long as there are Jews . 
	 4.Example sentence: If you use a fiscal year , a year ending on the last day of any month other than December , your return is due on or before the 15 th day of the 4 th month after the close of your tax year . 

Frequency of Synset('decision.n.01'): 25  (the act of making up your mind about something)
	 1.Example sentence: There are two sides of a coin for this decision . 
	 2.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . 
	 4.Example sentence: ( c ) Decisions of a general kind are made by the central command . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('scheme.n.01.scheme')
Frequency of Synset('scheme.n.01'): 21  (an elaborate and systematic plan of action)
	 1.Example sentence: There we held `` that the statutory scheme for review , within the selective service system , entitles [ conscientious objectors ] to no guarantee that the FBI reports must be produced for their inspection '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The number of people acting as one body by this scheme gives a surprisingly large army of * * f 55987 men . 
	 3.Example sentence: The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' ( as James 's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries ) `` however bad I may be , you 're not quite the people to say it '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Here are some key areas to examine to make sure your pricing strategy will be on target : 

Frequency of Synset('system.n.02'): 23  (a group of independent but interrelated elements comprising a unified whole)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant . 
	 2.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 
	 3.Example sentence: Tone analysis will continue to be difficult and unsatisfactory until a more representative selection of systems is familar to every practicing field linguist . 
	 4.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('restrict.v.03.bound')
Frequency of Synset('jump.v.01'): 46  (move forward by leaps and bounds)
	 1.Example sentence: Everybody left and I stayed in the pool , then Lou came back alone and leaped into the pool too . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Did leap into the pool , and did n't have anything on . 
	 3.Example sentence: Muffling an exclamation , Russ sprang to the nearest steps and ran down . 
	 4.Example sentence: Russ sprang through to bat it nimbly aside . 

Frequency of Synset('restrict.v.03'): 39  (place limits on (extent or access))
	 1.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 2.Example sentence: However likely it was , Pauling said , he could n't limit himself to it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially `` limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 

Frequency of Synset('bounce.v.01'): 16  (spring back; spring away from an impact)
	 1.Example sentence: A single kick made it spring open , shuddering . 
	 2.Example sentence: He slammed into the wall , bounced back , and caught Curt with a roundhouse right which sent him spinning . 
	 3.Example sentence: A second bullet ricocheted off Max 's belt buckle , leaving him unhurt but in some distress . 
	 4.Example sentence: Quickly but carefully lowering my duffel bag over the low side rack , I stepped on the running board ; it flopped down , sprang back up and gouged my shin . 

Frequency of Synset('adhere.v.06'): 11  (stick to firmly)
	 1.Example sentence: The lieutenant 's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded , and as Killpath raked the comb through it , it stuck together in thatches so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Stick to the preaching of the Gospel '' ! 
	 3.Example sentence: Water from the snow and water from the towels had run off the kid to the table where the dough was , and the dough was turning pasty , sticking to the kid 's back and behind . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , the formation of organically bound iodine , mainly mono-iodotyrosine , can be accomplished in cell-free systems . 

Frequency of Synset('tie.v.01'): 12  (fasten or secure with a rope, string, or cord)
	 1.Example sentence: Then , one after another , the villagers tied the waiting cotton strings around our wrists . 
	 2.Example sentence: Opposite every gate was a hitching post or a stone carriage step , set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse . 
	 3.Example sentence: I found a trooper once the Apache had spread-eagled on an ant hill , and another time we ran across some teamsters they 'd caught , tied upside down on their own wagon wheels over little fires until their brains was exploded right out o ' their skulls . 
	 4.Example sentence: At that moment the bathroom door flew open and Eugene came out , with his face lathered for shaving , and strode down the hall , tying the sash of his dressing gown as he went . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('survive.v.01.survive')
Frequency of Synset('survive.v.01'): 60  (continue to live through hardship or adversity)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Where there was no road , they lived without one . 
	 3.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 

Frequency of Synset('exist.v.02'): 25  (support oneself)
	 1.Example sentence: Part-time farming gives a measure of security if the regular job is lost , provided the farm is owned free of debt and furnishes enough income to meet fixed expenses and minimum living costs . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other experts say , however , that if sexual domination by one or the other partner exists for longer than a brief period , it is likely to shake the marriage . 
	 3.Example sentence: To have someday that love returned was what he had lived for . 
	 4.Example sentence: The third credit service , Banks for Cooperatives , exists under authority of the Farm Credit Act of 1933 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('exhibit.v.01.exhibit')
Frequency of Synset('exhibit.v.01'): 13  (show an attribute, property, knowledge, or skill)
	 1.Example sentence: The central city areas , in other words , exhibit the two characteristics which violate the life principle of congregations of the major denominations : they have too few middle-class people ; they mix middle-class people with lower-class residents . 
	 2.Example sentence: It exhibits much the same descriptive technique and is open to much the same criticisms . 
	 3.Example sentence: Southern Liberals ( there are a good many ) - especially if they 're rich - often exhibit blithe insouciance . 
	 4.Example sentence: The fact that such threat is potent in the beginning reading lessons is thought to be a vital factor in the continued pattern of failure or under-achievement these children exhibit . 

Frequency of Synset('expose.v.03'): 40  (to show, make visible or apparent)
	 1.Example sentence: The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' ( as James 's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries ) `` however bad I may be , you 're not quite the people to say it '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Final Solution proved that the Jew-baiter of any variety exposes himself as being implicated in the criminality and madness of others . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was told he displayed , for example , a sense of superiority - and he answered : `` Well , I am supposed to know all the answers , are n't I '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Various methods of pulsing , scanning , and displaying these sound waves are used to detect submarines , map ocean floors , and even communicate under water . 

Frequency of Synset('show.v.01'): 203  (give an exhibition of to an interested audience)
	 1.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 2.Example sentence: She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: She held out her hand to show that she had money . 
	 4.Example sentence: As we stepped out into the sunlight , a man came up to John Cool and silently showed him his hand . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('poor.a.03.poor')
Frequency of Synset('hapless.s.01'): 17  (deserving or inciting pity; ; ; - Galsworthy)
	 1.Example sentence: First , the student trains on his hapless parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights . 
	 2.Example sentence: Shadow , the more talkative , began at once to talk , her voice piteous . 
	 3.Example sentence: The poor kid - the poor , frail kid . 
	 4.Example sentence: The poor kid - the poor , frail kid . 

Frequency of Synset('poor.a.02'): 12  (having little money or few possessions)
	 1.Example sentence: The old woman had a nephew from North Italy , a poor boy from a lumber mill who had got tired of the seasonal unemployment , and who had migrated to Canada to work on the railway . 
	 2.Example sentence: Well , after everybody has followed the New England pattern of segregating one 's children into private schools , only the poor folks are left . 
	 3.Example sentence: And it is precisely in this poorer economic class that one finds , and has always found , the most racial friction . 
	 4.Example sentence: The greatest impact of the matching fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('impression.n.02.impression')
Frequency of Synset('impression.n.01'): 57  (a vague idea in which some confidence is placed)
	 1.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling . 
	 3.Example sentence: Demagogues of this sort found communist bogeys lurking behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped notions . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hence , the only defensible procedure is to repress any and every notion , unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe . 

Frequency of Synset('impression.n.02'): 13  (an outward appearance)
	 1.Example sentence: Members of higher and lower social status often cluster around this nucleus , so that Protestant figures on social class give the impression of spread over all social classes ; but this is deceptive , for the core of membership is concentrated in a single social and economic stratum . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the upper center of Braque 's first collage , Fruit Dish ( in Douglas Cooper 's collection ) , a bunch of grapes is rendered with such conventionally vivid sculptural effect as to lift it practically off the picture plane . 
	 3.Example sentence: The effect of the recording is very open and natural , with the frequency emphasis exactly what you would expect from a live performance . 
	 4.Example sentence: Steinberg obviously has concluded that it is the lyric element which must dominate in this score , and he manages at times to create the effect of the whole orchestra bursting into song . 

Frequency of Synset('mental_picture.n.01'): 13  (a clear and telling mental image)
	 1.Example sentence: Shakespeare gives us a vivid picture of Shylock , but probably he never saw a Jew , unless in some of his travels . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was a succession of picture images passing through his mind : the same ones , different ones , in no apparent sequence , in no logical succession . 
	 3.Example sentence: Corporations are apt by nature to be impersonal , inhumane , shortsighted and almost exclusively profit motivated , a picture they could scarcely afford to present to the public . 
	 4.Example sentence: His mind flicked through the mental pictures he had from the hours of Aircraft Identification . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('vicinity.n.01.neighborhood')
Frequency of Synset('vicinity.n.01'): 29  (a surrounding or nearby region)
	 1.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 
	 2.Example sentence: If there 's no suitable academy in your own neighborhood , there 's always New England . 
	 3.Example sentence: Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he had n't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he had n't found it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Indeed , in some periods of our history and in some neighborhoods the job opportunities have been so good that undoubtedly a great many boys who were potential members of the professions quit school at an early age and went to work . 

Frequency of Synset('neighborhood.n.02'): 13  (people living near one another)
	 1.Example sentence: Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . 
	 2.Example sentence: In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . 
	 3.Example sentence: It could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes . 
	 4.Example sentence: It could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity , since worship presupposes some local stabilities . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('stress.n.04.stress')
Frequency of Synset('stress.n.01'): 67  (the relative prominence of a syllable or musical note (especially with regard to stress or pitch))
	 1.Example sentence: In sentences , patterns of stress are determined by complex combinations of influences that can only be suggested here . 
	 2.Example sentence: The tendency is toward putting dominant stress at the end . 
	 3.Example sentence: Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last . 
	 4.Example sentence: Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last . 

Frequency of Synset('tension.n.01'): 12  ((psychology) a state of mental or emotional strain or suspense)
	 1.Example sentence: Debate is not likely to resolve the tensions and make the lot of the stepchild a happier one . 
	 2.Example sentence: Children scoring high in compulsivity were those who gave evidence of tension or emotionality in situations where there was lack of organization or conformity to standards and expectations , or who made exaggerated efforts to achieve these goals . 
	 3.Example sentence: Apparently academic challenge in the structured setting creates an optimum of stress so that the child with high anxiety is able to achieve because he is aroused to an energetic state without becoming confused or panicked . 
	 4.Example sentence: Along with this self-satisfaction , however , Joyce sensed a growing tension . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('connection.n.01.connection')
Frequency of Synset('connection.n.01'): 14  (a relation between things or events (as in the case of one causing the other or sharing features with it))
	 1.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 
	 2.Example sentence: For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door . 
	 3.Example sentence: He might deny the latter ; would certainly deny any connection between the two things , or any connection of either with murder . 
	 4.Example sentence: He might deny the latter ; would certainly deny any connection between the two things , or any connection of either with murder . 

Frequency of Synset('connection.n.02'): 11  (the state of being connected)
	 1.Example sentence: As shown in Figure 1 , there is a connection for communication between every pair of points . 
	 2.Example sentence: The completeness of the connections provide that , for N people , there are * * f lines of communication between the pairs , which can become a large number ( 1225 ) for a party of fifty guests . 
	 3.Example sentence: Looking at the diagram , we see that * * f connection lines come in to each member . 
	 4.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('conform_to.v.02.conform_to')
Frequency of Synset('meet.v.05'): 26  (satisfy a condition or restriction)
	 1.Example sentence: This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . 
	 2.Example sentence: Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; once the pool of recruits diminishes , the congregation is helpless - friendly contacts no longer keep it going . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces . 
	 4.Example sentence: Once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run to blockade do so at their own risk . 

Frequency of Synset('follow.v.07'): 13  (behave in accordance or in agreement with)
	 1.Example sentence: In a mobile society , congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment ; this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation - like elements will have to be assimilated . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I like to follow the holidays when they come along . 
	 3.Example sentence: Following the theme of Incarnation in the Gospels , the Christian artist and critic sees in the most commonplace and ordinary events `` figures '' of divine power and reality . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was just doing my job , just following orders , and for that he 's going to kill me . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('determine.v.02.shape')
Frequency of Synset('determine.v.02'): 42  (shape or influence; give direction to)
	 1.Example sentence: If economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration . 
	 2.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 3.Example sentence: We consider a rural community as an assemblage of inhabited dwellings whose configuration is determined by the location and size of the arable land sites necessary for family subsistence . 
	 4.Example sentence: When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures , many salons , many dialectics , many personalities , he tried to refashion himself into a stylist of many styles , determined by many disparate cultures . 

Frequency of Synset('shape.v.02'): 15  (make something, usually for a specific function)
	 1.Example sentence: In the absence of additions to the homogenate , the product formed is an iodinated particulate protein ( Fawcett and Kirkwood , 1953 ; Taurog , Potter and Chaikoff , 1955 ; Taurog , Potter , Tong , and Chaikoff , 1956 ; Serif and Kirkwood , 1958 ; De Groot and Carvalho , 1960 ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: In addition , the iodoamino acid formed in largest quantity in the intact thyroid is di-iodotyrosine . 
	 3.Example sentence: If tyrosine and a system generating hydrogen peroxide are added to a cell-free homogenate of the thyroid , large quantities of free mono-iodotyrosine can be formed ( Alexander , 1959 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: The mono - and di-iodotyrosine must be coupled to form tri-iodothyronine and thyroxine . 

Frequency of Synset('shape.v.03'): 14  (give shape or form to)
	 1.Example sentence: When Prokofieff forged his new clarity of `` lucid , straightforward music , so difficult to compose '' , he shaped his talents to his purpose . 
	 2.Example sentence: For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is - that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer . 
	 3.Example sentence: As is well known , detergent actives belong to the chemical class consisting of moderately high molecular weight and highly polar molecules which exhibit the property of forming micelles in solution . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mike seized a blanket from a pallet in a corner , spread it on the floor and used it to form a bag in which he placed his booty . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('extend.v.04.extend')
Frequency of Synset('widen.v.04'): 21  (extend in scope or range or area)
	 1.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 2.Example sentence: Since 1917 some thirteen supplementary and related acts have extended this Federal program . 
	 3.Example sentence: With the universal list as his weapon , Swadesh has extended his march of conquest farther and farther into the past , eight , ten , twelve millennia back . 
	 4.Example sentence: The former is intended to decrease the amount of work necessary to extend dictionary coverage . 

Frequency of Synset('run.v.03'): 67  (stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point)
	 1.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 2.Example sentence: There 's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
	 4.Example sentence: A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . 

Frequency of Synset('cover.v.03'): 29  (span an interval of distance, space or time)
	 1.Example sentence: As used in this Act , the term ' saline water ' includes sea water , brackish water , and other mineralized or chemically charged water , and the term ' United States ' extends to and includes the District of Columbia , the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , and the territories and possessions of the United States . 
	 2.Example sentence: In one company covering the country with a high quality sales force of 10 men , the president personally phones each major account every 6 mos. . 
	 3.Example sentence: The predicted interaction effect should , if potent , extend its influence over all academic achievement . 
	 4.Example sentence: Below the fort , high bluffs extended uninterruptedly for six miles along the Mississippi River . 

Frequency of Synset('stretch.v.02'): 12  (extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Gyp 'll be holdin ' forth in some bar if he 's here at all '' , Cobb declared , glancing along the street as they stretched their legs . 
	 2.Example sentence: But at this the one too-large cat suddenly became two cats , stretching . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ben Prime extended his high-stepped stride until he could lay his goad across the noses of the oxen . 
	 4.Example sentence: She set the dipper on the edge of the deck , leaving it for him to stretch after it while she looked on scornfully . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('specify.v.03.define')
Frequency of Synset('specify.v.03'): 23  (determine the essential quality of)
	 1.Example sentence: The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation . 
	 2.Example sentence: The commands are specified by the military regulations ; are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . 
	 3.Example sentence: How do we define it ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The key to effective marketing is wrapped up in defining your company 's marketing problems realistically . 

Frequency of Synset('define.v.02'): 13  (give a definition for the meaning of a word)
	 1.Example sentence: But I 'm not here to define conservatism . 
	 2.Example sentence: An idea , let us say , may be roughly defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned . 
	 3.Example sentence: But first , we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood : 
	 4.Example sentence: The international unit ( u . ) , adopted to make possible the comparison of results from different laboratories ( Mussett and Perry , 1955 ) , has been defined as the amount of activity present in 13.5 mg of the International Standard Preparation . 

Frequency of Synset('specify.v.02'): 33  (decide upon or fix definitely)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? 
	 2.Example sentence: When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 4.Example sentence: The commands are specified by the military regulations ; are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('center.n.01.center')
Frequency of Synset('center.n.01'): 66  (an area that is approximately central within some larger region)
	 1.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 2.Example sentence: This is particularly true in large centers of Jewish population like New York , Chicago , and Philadelphia . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World - the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated - the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America - the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso - the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art - the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . 
	 4.Example sentence: The circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him . 

Frequency of Synset('center_field.n.01'): 11  (the piece of ground in the outfield directly ahead of the catcher)
	 1.Example sentence: Then , in the fifth , Anniston 's kid catcher caught onto a curve and smacked the ball into left center field . 
	 2.Example sentence: Phil Rossoff cut over to center from left field to get the relay . 
	 3.Example sentence: Rookie southpaw George Stepanovich relieved Hyde at the start of the ninth and gave up the A 's fifth tally on a walk to second baseman Dick Howser , a wild pitch , and Frank Cipriani 's single under Shortstop Jerry Adair 's glove into center . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Orioles got a run in the first inning when Breeding , along with Robinson , the two Birds who got a pair of hits , doubled to right center , moved to third on Russ Snyder 's single to right and crossed on Kunkel 's wild pitch into the dirt in front of the plate . 

Frequency of Synset('kernel.n.03'): 12  (the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience)
	 1.Example sentence: George Meredith has said that fervor is the core of style . 
	 2.Example sentence: For Plato , `` imitation '' is twice removed from reality , being a poor copy of physical appearance , which in itself is a poor copy of ideal essence . 
	 3.Example sentence: At any rate , the substance of Eichmann 's testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the SS , and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews , his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to that extent . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is the strategy of blockade , therefore , that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials , Members of Congress , officers in the Pentagon . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('component.n.01.element')
Frequency of Synset('component.n.01'): 63  (an abstract part of something)
	 1.Example sentence: Younger men usually do n't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they 're liable to change jobs several times before settling down . 
	 2.Example sentence: The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a mobile society , congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment ; this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation - like elements will have to be assimilated . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . 

Frequency of Synset('component.n.03'): 21  (an artifact that is one of the individual parts of which a composite entity is made up; especially a part that can be separated from or attached to a system)
	 1.Example sentence: The method of calibration employs a fixed resistance element as a calorimeter . 
	 2.Example sentence: The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . 
	 3.Example sentence: The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('sample.n.01.sample')
Frequency of Synset('sample.n.01'): 48  (a small part of something intended as representative of the whole)
	 1.Example sentence: In a sample of new members of Pittsburgh churches , almost 60 per cent were recruited by initial `` contacts with friendly members '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The differentiation however is not very much greater , as shown by the fact that Athabascan shows 3.46 stems per meaning slot as against 2.75 for Yokuts , with a slightly greater number of languages represented in our sample : 24 as against 21 . 
	 3.Example sentence: Each person was to enter the testing room , carrying a suitcase of samples . 
	 4.Example sentence: The general theory of resonance shifts is used to derive a general expression for the second moment **f of a polycrystalline paramagnetic sample and is specialized to **f . 

Frequency of Synset('sample_distribution.n.01'): 13  (items selected at random from a population and used to test hypotheses about the population)
	 1.Example sentence: They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction . 
	 2.Example sentence: The first is a wide-ranging sample of successful tonal analyses . 
	 3.Example sentence: In order to equate the samples on socioeconomic status , we chose schools in both cities on the basis of socioeconomic status of the neighborhoods . 
	 4.Example sentence: For purposes of sample selection only ( individual tests were given later ) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third grade population in each school system . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('react.v.01.respond')
Frequency of Synset('react.v.01'): 55  (show a response or a reaction to something)
	 1.Example sentence: There was no telling how she 'd react to spending money '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the surface , this seems a sound approach to Christian mission : members of the congregation show by their friendly attitudes that they care for new people ; the new people respond in kind by joining the church . 
	 3.Example sentence: Many Americans reacted irrationally to the challenge of Russia and turned to the repression of ideas by force . 
	 4.Example sentence: Is it not characteristic of the greatest art that it confronts us with something we cannot clarify , demanding that the viewer respond to it in his own never predictable way ? 

Frequency of Synset('answer.v.01'): 68  (react verbally)
	 1.Example sentence: Not so , he answers , it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal . 
	 2.Example sentence: But this is fully answered by United States v. Nugent , supra . 
	 3.Example sentence: He did not reply , going on toward the back . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('proportion.n.05.balance')
Frequency of Synset('balance.n.01'): 27  (a state of equilibrium)
	 1.Example sentence: The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . 
	 2.Example sentence: This problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis . 
	 3.Example sentence: It seems to follow that by and large an antagonism exists between the paleo - and the neocortex as far as emotional reactivity is concerned , and that the balance between the two systems determines the emotional responsiveness of the organism . 
	 4.Example sentence: After this brief discussion of neo - , paleocortical , and cortico-hypothalamic relations , let us return once more to the problem of hypothalamic balance and its physiological and pathological significance . 

Frequency of Synset('remainder.n.01'): 50  (something left after other parts have been taken away)
	 1.Example sentence: Arnold Lodley and Michael Perse were like the rest - lukewarm , ready to swing against Hudson in a crisis . 
	 2.Example sentence: But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . 
	 3.Example sentence: This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . 
	 4.Example sentence: When I pressed for a purely religious definition , I encountered the familiar blend of liberal piety , interfaith good will , and a small residue of ethnic loyalty . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('separate.v.08.split')
Frequency of Synset('divide.v.01'): 29  (separate into parts or portions)
	 1.Example sentence: He had no apparent comprehension of morality ; he divided humanity into `` right guys '' and `` wrong guys '' , and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under . 
	 2.Example sentence: When prepositional complements are divided as in what are you looking for ? 
	 3.Example sentence: This approach requires that : ( 1 ) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries , and ( 2 ) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be synthesized into a description of the particular word . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , the dictionary is divided into at least two parts : 

Frequency of Synset('burst.v.01'): 12  (come open suddenly and violently, as if from internal pressure)
	 1.Example sentence: The clouds bulged downward and burst suddenly into a great black funnel . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thunder crashed ; barrels tumbled down the mountainsides , and bounced and bounced till their own fury split them open . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you could have heard him a mile away , and he was bursting at every seam with importance . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I 've been bursting my lungs for you '' , Mr. Jack complained . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fight.v.03.struggle')
Frequency of Synset('fight.v.03'): 13  (make a strenuous or labored effort)
	 1.Example sentence: Residential associations struggle to insulate themselves against intrusions . 
	 2.Example sentence: Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century . 
	 3.Example sentence: Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Here , this happy , roving son of good fortune proved that he could accept the disciplines of a new social economic order fighting for its very existence and ideals in a truculent world . 

Frequency of Synset('contend.v.06'): 47  (be engaged in a fight; carry on a fight)
	 1.Example sentence: With Hudson looking on , his protege Greene picked a fight with the ship 's surgeon , Edward Wilson . 
	 2.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('culture.n.02.culture')
Frequency of Synset('culture.n.01'): 17  (a particular society at a particular time and place)
	 1.Example sentence: Helen Deutsch informed us ( The Psychology of Women , Vol. 2 , , 434 ) that in all cultures `` the term ' stepmother ' automatically evokes deprecatory implications '' , a conclusion accepted by many . 
	 2.Example sentence: Research into several cultures has proven her position to be a mistaken one . 
	 3.Example sentence: When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures , many salons , many dialectics , many personalities , he tried to refashion himself into a stylist of many styles , determined by many disparate cultures . 
	 4.Example sentence: When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures , many salons , many dialectics , many personalities , he tried to refashion himself into a stylist of many styles , determined by many disparate cultures . 

Frequency of Synset('culture.n.02'): 12  (the tastes in art and manners that are favored by a social group)
	 1.Example sentence: It now becomes evident that the denominational church is intimately involved with the economy of middle-class culture , for it serves to crystallize the social class identity of middle-class residential groupings . 
	 2.Example sentence: This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches . 
	 3.Example sentence: One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college oriented . 
	 4.Example sentence: And the rebellion of these third generation Jews is not the traditional conflict of culture but , rather , a protest against a culture that they view as softly and insidiously enveloping . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('basic.a.01.basic')
Frequency of Synset('basic.a.01'): 45  (pertaining to or constituting a base or basis)
	 1.Example sentence: The identification of the basic unit of religious organization - the parish or congregation - with a residential area is self defeating in a modern metropolis , for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the Christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to co-optation . 
	 2.Example sentence: We are reminded , however , that freedom of thought and discussion , the unfettered exchange of ideas , is basic under our form of government . 
	 3.Example sentence: conduct , encourage , and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for converting saline water into water suitable for beneficial consumptive purposes ; 
	 4.Example sentence: Additional courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities , staff and program are in being . 

Frequency of Synset('basic.s.02'): 17  (reduced to the simplest and most significant form possible without loss of generality)
	 1.Example sentence: Furthermore , the network in Figure 3 is only the basic net through which other networks pertaining to logistics and the like are interlaced . 
	 2.Example sentence: But in general the individual variation is a small thing added onto basic linguistic features of greater magnitude . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: Swadesh in short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal ; I , one that was specifically adapted to the San Joaquin Valley . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('unit.n.05.unit')
Frequency of Synset('unit_of_measurement.n.01'): 14  (any division of quantity accepted as a standard of measurement or exchange)
	 1.Example sentence: Feed 75000 units or 75 milligrams per head daily . 
	 2.Example sentence: The high cost of land and a few operational problems resulting from excessive loadings have created the need for a wastewater treatment system with the operational characteristics of the oxidation pond but with the ability to treat more organic matter per unit volume . 
	 3.Example sentence: From an estimated mass of 25 g for a zero magnitude meteorite , the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of 2.512 for each unit increase in magnitude . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is assumed that the flux values increase by a factor of 2.512 per magnitude , in accordance with the opinion that the total mass flux in each unit range in magnitude is constant . 

Frequency of Synset('unit.n.02'): 12  (an individual or group or structure or other entity regarded as a structural or functional constituent of a whole)
	 1.Example sentence: Since tone systems typically comprise fewer units than either consonant or vowel systems , we might expect that they would be the easiest part of a phonologic analysis . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tone systems are certainly more complex than the number of units would suggest , and often analytically more difficult than much larger consonantal systems . 
	 3.Example sentence: While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i. e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . 
	 4.Example sentence: Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('dramatic.s.02.striking')
Frequency of Synset('dramatic.s.02'): 23  (sensational in appearance or thrilling in effect)
	 1.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . 
	 4.Example sentence: Whatever projection one makes , the striking fact about congregational and parochial life is the extent to which it is a vehicle of the social identity of middle-class people . 

Frequency of Synset('outstanding.s.02'): 17  (having a quality that thrusts itself into attention)
	 1.Example sentence: While five minutes ago the place had presented a scene of easy revelry , with Gyp Carmer a prominent figure , it was now as somnolent and dull as the day before payday . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way ? 
	 3.Example sentence: What is new in the context is likely to be made more prominent than what is not . 
	 4.Example sentence: The personal pronouns and substitute one are normally unstressed because they refer to what is prominent in the immediate context . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('form.v.02.form')
Frequency of Synset('form.v.01'): 36  (create (as an entity))
	 1.Example sentence: On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30 th anniversary . 
	 2.Example sentence: In those vocational programs organized with Smith-Hughes money , there may be a close tie between the labor union and a local employer on the one hand and the vocational teacher on the other . 
	 3.Example sentence: During World War 2 , about 7.5 million persons were enrolled in courses organized under two special programs administered by state and local school authorities : ( 1 ) Vocational Education for National Defense , and ( 2 ) War Production Training . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had formed his own task force of three stragglers and led them up the hill in a Fighting Seventh charge . 

Frequency of Synset('form.v.02'): 31  (to compose or represent:)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Fellowship by likeness '' and `` mission by friendly contact '' form the iron cage of denominational religion . 
	 2.Example sentence: The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead . 
	 3.Example sentence: They never troubled themselves about us while we were playing , because the fence formed such a definite boundary and `` Do n't go outside the gate '' was a command so impossible of misinterpretation . 
	 4.Example sentence: They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 . 

Frequency of Synset('form.v.03'): 26  (develop into a distinctive entity)
	 1.Example sentence: Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them - heavy , ominous , leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills . 
	 2.Example sentence: The problem in the policy officer 's mind thus begins to take shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors - political , military , economic , financial , legal , legislative , procedural , administrative - to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1879 the same Clark Wait , with H. H. Holley of South Dorset , formed the `` American Telegraph Line '' , extending from Manchester Depot via Factory Point and South Dorset to Dorset . 
	 4.Example sentence: A very fine , gray solid ( about 15 g ) is formed , water-washed by centrifugation , and dried at 110 ` C . 

Frequency of Synset('shape.v.03'): 14  (give shape or form to)
	 1.Example sentence: When Prokofieff forged his new clarity of `` lucid , straightforward music , so difficult to compose '' , he shaped his talents to his purpose . 
	 2.Example sentence: For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is - that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer . 
	 3.Example sentence: As is well known , detergent actives belong to the chemical class consisting of moderately high molecular weight and highly polar molecules which exhibit the property of forming micelles in solution . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mike seized a blanket from a pallet in a corner , spread it on the floor and used it to form a bag in which he placed his booty . 

Frequency of Synset('shape.v.02'): 15  (make something, usually for a specific function)
	 1.Example sentence: In the absence of additions to the homogenate , the product formed is an iodinated particulate protein ( Fawcett and Kirkwood , 1953 ; Taurog , Potter and Chaikoff , 1955 ; Taurog , Potter , Tong , and Chaikoff , 1956 ; Serif and Kirkwood , 1958 ; De Groot and Carvalho , 1960 ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: In addition , the iodoamino acid formed in largest quantity in the intact thyroid is di-iodotyrosine . 
	 3.Example sentence: If tyrosine and a system generating hydrogen peroxide are added to a cell-free homogenate of the thyroid , large quantities of free mono-iodotyrosine can be formed ( Alexander , 1959 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: The mono - and di-iodotyrosine must be coupled to form tri-iodothyronine and thyroxine . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('content.n.01.content')
Frequency of Synset('content.n.01'): 12  (everything that is included in a collection and that is held or included in something)
	 1.Example sentence: Its contents are another matter , for they reveal the kinds of interests pursued by the congregation . 
	 2.Example sentence: For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . 
	 3.Example sentence: How in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business , raise a family , be on half a dozen boards , work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a bulging brief case ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The many linguistic techniques for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the dictionary 's contents around prefixes , stems , suffixes , etc. . 

Frequency of Synset('message.n.02'): 19  (what a communication that is about something is about)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: As a word of caution , we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types , question , command , statement , or exclamation . 
	 3.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 4.Example sentence: In spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group , the * * f incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if N exceeds about six . 

Frequency of Synset('subject.n.02'): 14  (something (a person or object or scene) selected by an artist or photographer for graphic representation)
	 1.Example sentence: And like this English master , Mason realizes his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem effortless , are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them . 
	 2.Example sentence: Out of this background of hunting and fishing , it was only natural that Roy first painted subjects he knew best : hunters in the field , fishermen in the stream , ducks and geese on the wing - almost always against a vast backdrop of weather landscape . 
	 3.Example sentence: First I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale ( approximately * * f inches ) in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values - the lightest light , the middle tone , and the darkest dark - by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns . 
	 4.Example sentence: Often , in working out-of-doors under all conditions of light and atmosphere , a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright , too dull , or too light , or too dark when viewed indoors in a mat . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('matter.n.01.matter')
Frequency of Synset('matter.n.01'): 68  (a vaguely specified concern)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Even two or three years ago I doubt that she 'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 4.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 

Frequency of Synset('topic.n.02'): 40  (some situation or event that is thought about)
	 1.Example sentence: Location theorists have given these matters much consideration . 
	 2.Example sentence: Dr. Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the Century Magazine or Harper 's but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in The Messenger , `` so our readers will be benefited instead '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Under her father 's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('understanding.n.01.understanding')
Frequency of Synset('understanding.n.01'): 41  (the cognitive condition of someone who understands)
	 1.Example sentence: An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity . 
	 2.Example sentence: Later abstractive and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value , but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience . 
	 3.Example sentence: Later abstractive and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value , but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: Whitehead is here questioning David Hume 's understanding of the nature of experience ; he is questioning , also , every epistemology which stems from Hume 's presupposition that experience is merely sense data in abstraction from causal efficacy , and that causal efficacy is something intellectually imputed to the world , not directly perceived . 

Frequency of Synset('agreement.n.01'): 11  (the statement (oral or written) of an exchange of promises)
	 1.Example sentence: A nation such as Switzerland could be neutralized by agreement and could be relied upon to protect its neutrality ; more doubtful , but possible , ( with an assist from the North ) was the neutralization of the Latin American countries ; out of the question was the neutralization of Asia and Africa . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 4.Example sentence: As a strike continues , these parties increase their pressure on the industry to reach an agreement . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('declare.v.01.declare')
Frequency of Synset('declare.v.01'): 30  (state emphatically and authoritatively)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Gyp 'll be holdin ' forth in some bar if he 's here at all '' , Cobb declared , glancing along the street as they stretched their legs . 
	 2.Example sentence: This traffic , he declared prophetically , `` tho ' it might be of small account at first , would increase with the progress of our Settlements '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Why , I meant what I said '' , Lord declared . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The sexual relationship does not exist in a vacuum '' , declares Dr. Mary Steichen Calderone , medical director of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America and author of the recent book , Release From Sexual Tensions . 

Frequency of Synset('announce.v.02'): 26  (announce publicly or officially)
	 1.Example sentence: Strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because disagreements would have to be settled by government representatives acting as controllers of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent , as they are each a part of the whole . 
	 2.Example sentence: On May 9 , 1958 , the Commissioner announced his rulings . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pope Pius 12 , declared in 1951 that it is possible to be exempt from the normal obligation of parenthood for a long time and even for the whole duration of married life , if there are serious reasons , such as those often mentioned in the so-called medical , eugenic , economic and social `` indications '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself , the Conference declared : `` We steadfastly uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('stretch.v.02.stretch')
Frequency of Synset('stretch.v.01'): 13  (occupy a large, elongated area)
	 1.Example sentence: The grant , which stretched southward to Lake Traverse - the headwaters of the Red - was made in May , 1811 , and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay . 
	 2.Example sentence: Beyond it the gray road stretched a long , long way . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the forward slope in front of his own post stretched two rows of barbed wire . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the slope 's base coils of concertina stretched out of eye range like a wild tangle of children 's hoops , stopped simultaneously , weirdly poised as if awaiting the magic of the child 's touch to start them all rolling again . 

Frequency of Synset('stretch.v.02'): 12  (extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Gyp 'll be holdin ' forth in some bar if he 's here at all '' , Cobb declared , glancing along the street as they stretched their legs . 
	 2.Example sentence: But at this the one too-large cat suddenly became two cats , stretching . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ben Prime extended his high-stepped stride until he could lay his goad across the noses of the oxen . 
	 4.Example sentence: She set the dipper on the edge of the deck , leaving it for him to stretch after it while she looked on scornfully . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('establishment.n.04.establishment')
Frequency of Synset('constitution.n.02'): 15  (the act of forming or establishing something)
	 1.Example sentence: The Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools . 
	 2.Example sentence: The practical operational problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would propose , next , as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists , items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first step toward the goal is the establishment of a new atmosphere of mutual good will and friendly communication on other than the polemical level . 

Frequency of Synset('institution.n.01'): 30  (an organization founded and united for a specific purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Man , through democratic institutions of government and economic freedom , was master of his destiny . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was merely a rationalization and ordering of new institutions of popular government . 

Frequency of Synset('administration.n.02'): 18  (the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body for the purpose of administering something)
	 1.Example sentence: The monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence . 
	 2.Example sentence: A military organization has an objective chosen by the higher command . 
	 3.Example sentence: These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top , six directly under him , six under each of these , and so on until there are six levels of personnel . 
	 4.Example sentence: In order to save the mystery story , they have converted the private detective into an organization man . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('stairs.n.01.steps')
Frequency of Synset('stairs.n.01'): 42  (a flight of stairs or a flight of steps)
	 1.Example sentence: The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
	 2.Example sentence: Russ ran up the steps quickly to the plank porch . 
	 3.Example sentence: Muffling an exclamation , Russ sprang to the nearest steps and ran down . 
	 4.Example sentence: Climbing the steps steadily , they reached the top and headed for the door . 

Frequency of Synset('measure.n.01'): 41  (any maneuver made as part of progress toward a goal)
	 1.Example sentence: He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . 
	 2.Example sentence: That 's a big step toward a modern state . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was to be expected that Stanley would be shy , slow in taking such a momentous step . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this presumption it is an easy step to the conclusion that any observed increases in the basic wage rate must be due to union behavior different and more aggressive than assumed in our model . 

Frequency of Synset('footstep.n.03'): 21  (the distance covered by a step)
	 1.Example sentence: Forced behind him momentarily , Russ followed at once and halted two steps inside . 
	 2.Example sentence: If a child had a single drop of Negro blood , he would revert to the ancestral line which , except as slaves under a superior race , had not made one step of progress in 3000 years . 
	 3.Example sentence: He retreated a step and holstered his own . 
	 4.Example sentence: No , they must look the other way and climb one more painful step up the ladder . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('quickly.r.01.quickly')
Frequency of Synset('quickly.r.01'): 22  (with rapid movements)
	 1.Example sentence: Particularly was this true when the norms previously applied were no longer satisfactory to many , when customs were rapidly changing as the forces of the new productivity were harnessed . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Prime Minister paid his respects to the Buddhist monks , strode rapidly among the houses , joked with the local soldiery , and made a speech . 
	 3.Example sentence: With few exceptions , the major denominations are rapidly losing their hold on the central city . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a rapidly changing society congregations will run into difficulties repeatedly , since such nice balances of economic integration are hard to sustain in the metropolis for more than a single generation . 

Frequency of Synset('promptly.r.01'): 18  (with little or no delay)
	 1.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 
	 2.Example sentence: Yes , the Pope could die and quickly be made a saint . 
	 3.Example sentence: As promptly as Torrio , O ' Banion jumped into bootlegging . 
	 4.Example sentence: He sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` Acting Lieutenant Gunnar Matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station 's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the Homicide Detail of the Inspector's Bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O. T. Killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six '' - he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` - failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordered . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('gather.v.01.gather')
Frequency of Synset('gather.v.01'): 35  (assemble or get together)
	 1.Example sentence: Nerves tight as a bowstring , he paused to gather his wits . 
	 2.Example sentence: Under the sponsorship of the Office of Naval Research and the Advanced Research Projects Agency , a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition probabilities . 
	 3.Example sentence: They want to be fat cats , Pam thought , and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.07'): 33  (collect in one place)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Act of July 3 , 1952 ( 66 Stat. 328 ) as amended ( 42 U. S. C. 1952 - 1958 ) , is further amended to read as follows : 
	 3.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering - 
	 4.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('trouble_oneself.v.01.bother')
Frequency of Synset('trouble_oneself.v.01'): 18  (take the trouble to do something; concern oneself)
	 1.Example sentence: Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . 
	 2.Example sentence: It 's so much trouble , I do n't usually bother '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: and , Here , I 'll take this , I was before her , you wait on me now or I do n't bother with it , see ! 
	 4.Example sentence: They never troubled themselves about us while we were playing , because the fence formed such a definite boundary and `` Do n't go outside the gate '' was a command so impossible of misinterpretation . 

Frequency of Synset('annoy.v.01'): 15  (cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations)
	 1.Example sentence: For instance , the following statement was rated low in compulsivity , `` She 's naturally quite neat about things , but it does n't bother her at all if her room gets messy . 
	 2.Example sentence: For example , one hebephrenic man used to annoy me , month after month , by saying , whenever I got up to leave and made my fairly steoreotyped comment that I would be seeing him on the following day , or whenever , `` You 're welcome '' , in a notably condescending fashion - as though it were his due for me to thank him for the privilege of spending the hour with him , and he were thus pointing up my failure to utter a humbly grateful , `` thank you '' to him at the end of each session . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Some guys bothered me '' , Mercer has said . 
	 4.Example sentence: It especially bothered the older hands . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('downstairs.r.01.below')
Frequency of Synset('below.r.01'): 16  (in or to a place that is lower)
	 1.Example sentence: She was wearing a brown cotton dress , cut across the hips in a way that was supposed to make her look slimmer , a yoke set into the skirt and flaring pleats below . 
	 2.Example sentence: With the rapid rate of closure , the approach from below , the side , and ahead , there would be only a moment when damage could be done . 
	 3.Example sentence: The same shelter could be built into an embankment or below ground level . 
	 4.Example sentence: Her house stood on a rise of ground , and before she got into her car she looked at the houses below . 

Frequency of Synset('below.r.02'): 13  (at a later place)
	 1.Example sentence: General requirements for land , labor , and equipment are discussed below . 
	 2.Example sentence: Discussed below are some of the main things to look for when you select a part-time farm . 
	 3.Example sentence: See also Interest on Unpaid Taxes , below . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this amount deduct the items indicated below . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('jump.v.01.spring')
Frequency of Synset('jump.v.01'): 46  (move forward by leaps and bounds)
	 1.Example sentence: Everybody left and I stayed in the pool , then Lou came back alone and leaped into the pool too . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Did leap into the pool , and did n't have anything on . 
	 3.Example sentence: Muffling an exclamation , Russ sprang to the nearest steps and ran down . 
	 4.Example sentence: Russ sprang through to bat it nimbly aside . 

Frequency of Synset('form.v.03'): 26  (develop into a distinctive entity)
	 1.Example sentence: Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them - heavy , ominous , leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills . 
	 2.Example sentence: The problem in the policy officer 's mind thus begins to take shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors - political , military , economic , financial , legal , legislative , procedural , administrative - to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1879 the same Clark Wait , with H. H. Holley of South Dorset , formed the `` American Telegraph Line '' , extending from Manchester Depot via Factory Point and South Dorset to Dorset . 
	 4.Example sentence: A very fine , gray solid ( about 15 g ) is formed , water-washed by centrifugation , and dried at 110 ` C . 

Frequency of Synset('bounce.v.01'): 16  (spring back; spring away from an impact)
	 1.Example sentence: A single kick made it spring open , shuddering . 
	 2.Example sentence: He slammed into the wall , bounced back , and caught Curt with a roundhouse right which sent him spinning . 
	 3.Example sentence: A second bullet ricocheted off Max 's belt buckle , leaving him unhurt but in some distress . 
	 4.Example sentence: Quickly but carefully lowering my duffel bag over the low side rack , I stepped on the running board ; it flopped down , sprang back up and gouged my shin . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('suppress.v.01.curb')
Frequency of Synset('control.v.02'): 28  (lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits)
	 1.Example sentence: These were to be kept on , to hold in the 32 souls . 
	 2.Example sentence: But both were high-spirited and vivacious , both had tempers to control , both loved languages , especially English and German , both were good teachers and wrote for publication . 
	 3.Example sentence: Distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties - and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The trouble with you '' , old man Arthur began , and then checked himself . 

Frequency of Synset('suppress.v.01'): 18  (to put down by force or authority)
	 1.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` He 's there '' , he got out tersely , curbing his rising excitement . 
	 3.Example sentence: But her personality was such that each affair lasted only until that lover , too , had been conquered and reduced to passivity . 
	 4.Example sentence: More of this stamping down of human emotion as a young lawyer in New York . 

Frequency of Synset('restrict.v.01'): 14  (place restrictions on)
	 1.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? 
	 3.Example sentence: What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation shutdown periods ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('climb.v.01.climb')
Frequency of Synset('climb.v.01'): 34  (go upward with gradual or continuous progress)
	 1.Example sentence: Climbing the steps steadily , they reached the top and headed for the door . 
	 2.Example sentence: Gradually the wash climbed upward , forcing him toward open range . 
	 3.Example sentence: He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess 's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside . 
	 4.Example sentence: As far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it . 

Frequency of Synset('wax.v.02'): 15  (go up or advance)
	 1.Example sentence: After how many generations is such wealth ( mounting all the while through the manipulations of high finance ) purified of taint ? 
	 2.Example sentence: This may be opera bouffe now , but it will become more serious should the cold war mount in frenzy . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the retailer and hotelman 's downtown unit sales have been decreasing , however , his dollar volume continues to rise , and it is dollars which you put in the bank . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thereafter the audience waxed applause happy , but discriminating operagoers reserved judgment as her singing showed signs of strain , her musicianship some questionable procedure and her acting uncomfortable stylization . 

Frequency of Synset('rise.v.02'): 23  (increase in value or to a higher point)
	 1.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 
	 2.Example sentence: The temperature rose to 105 ` . 
	 3.Example sentence: The revenue from O ' Banion 's Cicero territory went up still higher , until the yield was more than the Torrio-Capone takings from the far bigger trade area of Chicago 's South and West Sides . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this model , we abstract from all non wage sources of cost changes , so that the `` public limit price '' only rises as the wage rate rises . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hallway.n.01.hall')
Frequency of Synset('hallway.n.01'): 25  (an interior passage or corridor onto which rooms open)
	 1.Example sentence: A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Happened to be in the hall ! 
	 3.Example sentence: Her skin crawled : Lolotte had told Maude that she was in the hall and the door was open . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sarah had begun to tell Lucien of Emile , she had begun to question and a little draft had crept across the room from the bedroom door , open barely enough to show a rim of blackness in the hall . 

Frequency of Synset('anteroom.n.01'): 17  (a large entrance or reception room or area)
	 1.Example sentence: Better stay in the hotel lobby , where the walls looked good and thick . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hotel attendants pulled parked bicycles into the lobby . 
	 3.Example sentence: He turned and looked around at the lobby as though seeing things he had n't before noticed . 
	 4.Example sentence: He crossed the lobby and rode up in the elevator lost in his own thoughts . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('snap.v.01.snap')
Frequency of Synset('snap.v.01'): 12  (utter in an angry, sharp, or abrupt tone)
	 1.Example sentence: I 've drawn his fangs '' , he snapped . 
	 2.Example sentence: Another snarled close overhead . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Oh , cut it out , Tom '' ! she snapped . 
	 4.Example sentence: Wilson , shackled and snarling , was thrown with the other prisoners and was soon joined by Green , McKee and McKinley . 

Frequency of Synset('tear.v.01'): 22  (separate or cause to separate abruptly)
	 1.Example sentence: A slug had torn half of his stirrup guard away . 
	 2.Example sentence: There have been cooing doves , chattering magpies , thieving jackdaws , a proud peacock , a silly goose , and a harpy eagle - whom I was silly enough to mate with and who is now busy tearing at my vitals '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The colonel crouched tensely on one of the folding chairs , methodically tearing at his thumbnail . 
	 4.Example sentence: He and Mary would no longer have to tear and rend at each other ; their mutual torture would be over . 

Frequency of Synset('snatch.v.01'): 14  (to grasp hastily or eagerly)
	 1.Example sentence: Grab , snatch , I saw that first ! 
	 2.Example sentence: Donovan snatched Greg 's chute from him with a belligerent motion and almost ran to the plane with it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then he was striding across the room , his thoughts confused but the worry building swiftly inside him as he snatched up the note . 
	 4.Example sentence: When he snatched it up the voice that came to him was quick and urgent . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('thin.a.01.thin')
Frequency of Synset('thin.a.01'): 13  (of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section)
	 1.Example sentence: Inside the crown , stuffed behind the stained sweatband , could be seen thin , crumpled wads of currency . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I 'll get an elegant pair of thin soled Italian shoes tomorrow , Carla '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: And the bed that sagged in a certain place where all the weight had been put too many times before and the walls fine and thin for overhearing talk in the next room when Gratt went out for ice , the sound coming through the walls like something on the other side of the curtain , so you knew they heard you when they were quiet and while you lay wondering what they had heard you listened . 
	 4.Example sentence: One simple method of measuring the expansion of the heart is to tie a thin rubber tube , filled with mercury , around the heart and record the change in resistance as the tube is stretched . 

Frequency of Synset('thin.a.02'): 19  (lacking excess flesh; ; -Shakespeare)
	 1.Example sentence: He patted Angelo 's thin shoulder paternally . 
	 2.Example sentence: Killpath pulled one thin leg up , clamping his arms around the shinbone to press his knee into an incredibly scrawny gut . 
	 3.Example sentence: She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August - yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her . 
	 4.Example sentence: He spent concentrated weeks putting his two figures together : a Mary who would be young and sensitive , yet strong enough to hold her son on her lap ; and a Jesus who , though lean , was strong even in death - a look he remembered well from his experience in the dead room of Santo Spirito . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('tons.n.01.wads')
Frequency of Synset('tons.n.01'): 16  (a large number or amount)
	 1.Example sentence: The preparations were elaborate : flowers , candles , incense sticks , rice wine , dozens of delicacies , and pieces of white cotton string . 
	 2.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 3.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 4.Example sentence: Inside the crown , stuffed behind the stained sweatband , could be seen thin , crumpled wads of currency . 

Frequency of Synset('batch.n.02'): 15  ((often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 3.Example sentence: Must have cost plenty . 
	 4.Example sentence: That was more like a thought , but not a great deal more . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('correct.a.01.right')
Frequency of Synset('right.a.01'): 19  (being or located on or directed toward the side of the body to the east when facing north)
	 1.Example sentence: He backed Jess into a corner , grabbed a handful of the man 's shirtfront , and drew back his right fist . 
	 2.Example sentence: Conrad hung up and sat on the small telephone-booth bench , massaging his right leg . 
	 3.Example sentence: He carried three guns - one in the right trouser pocket , one under his left armpit , one in the left outside coat pocket - and was equally lethal with both hands . 
	 4.Example sentence: On the right window , at eye level , in smaller print but also in gold , was Gonzalez , Prop. , and under that , Se Habla Espanol . 

Frequency of Synset('correct.a.01'): 24  (free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth)
	 1.Example sentence: You were right '' , Russ exclaimed , tearing the loose bills out of Carmer 's hat . 
	 2.Example sentence: The boy had , apparently - if Mrs. MacReady was right in what she had told Mullins - only in recent months been forced to give up college , to work as a busboy . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Right '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: He was also , if Pam North was right , a closer acquaintance of Lauren Payne 's than she , now , was inclined to admit . 

Frequency of Synset('correct.s.02'): 14  (socially right or correct)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: Even so , Madden 's dislike of the suave , correct lawyer deepened . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` It does n't seem quite right , telling her a thing like that . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sarah found the right key and unlocked the door . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('spend.v.02.drop')
Frequency of Synset('drop.v.01'): 35  (let fall to the ground)
	 1.Example sentence: If someone were to drop a match in here , this place would go up like a haystack '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Curt reached out and dropped Jess 's pistol back into the holster . 
	 3.Example sentence: He dropped his own beside it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Glendora dropped a chicken and a flurry of feathers , and went with her through the drizzle , to the storehouse . 

Frequency of Synset('drop.v.02'): 17  (to fall vertically)
	 1.Example sentence: He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess 's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside . 
	 2.Example sentence: He possessed the fighter pilot 's horror of bad weather and instrument flying , and he wondered , if the ceiling did drop , whether he and the other flights would be able to find their way back in this unfamiliar territory . 
	 3.Example sentence: Deegan dropped , got up , turned and , holding the bat with both hands up against his chest , began to walk slowly out to the mound . 
	 4.Example sentence: The patrol snaked around in back of the cave , approached it from above and dropped in suddenly with wild howls . 

Frequency of Synset('drop.v.03'): 12  (go down in value)
	 1.Example sentence: His speed was dropping rapidly . 
	 2.Example sentence: His air speed dropped until he thought he would spin out . 
	 3.Example sentence: The president of the firm , calculating expenses alone , felt his costs had dropped one-half while success in selection had improved over one hundred per cent . 
	 4.Example sentence: Turnover rates of personnel went up , production dropped , and morale was visibly reduced . 

Frequency of Synset('sink.v.01'): 11  (fall or descend to a lower place or level)
	 1.Example sentence: He got back into the batter's box and on the next pitch dropped into the dirt again . 
	 2.Example sentence: He sank back on his thin haunches like a weary hound . 
	 3.Example sentence: One man dropped to his knee for better aim . 
	 4.Example sentence: The doors of the D train slid shut , and as I dropped into a seat and , exhaling , looked up across the aisle , the whole aviary in my head burst into song . 

Frequency of Synset('spend.v.02'): 39  (pay out)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 3.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was no telling how she 'd react to spending money '' . 

Frequency of Synset('neglect.v.01'): 12  (leave undone or leave out)
	 1.Example sentence: The change of emphasis from conventional type to missile type warfare must be made with care , mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not a thought nor a cadence was missed in her summary of appreciation . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was left out of him at birth . 
	 4.Example sentence: How did they miss him when they got Slater ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hold.v.10.hold_up')
Frequency of Synset('hold.v.10'): 25  (be the physical support of; carry the weight of)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A man was holding onto Lou , holding him up . 
	 2.Example sentence: To his faint surprise Russ held up his hand . 
	 3.Example sentence: Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit . 
	 4.Example sentence: The phonemic systems which must support these morphophonemic systems , however , are very different . 

Frequency of Synset('survive.v.01'): 60  (continue to live through hardship or adversity)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Where there was no road , they lived without one . 
	 3.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 

Frequency of Synset('defy.v.01'): 12  (resist or confront with resistance)
	 1.Example sentence: Until recently , art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath defying his ulcer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Both types of tube withstood the pressure of approximately 20 atmospheres exerted by the carbon tetrachloride at 220 ` . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nevertheless , there are notably frequent instances of deja vu , in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before , a feeling which , though vague , withstands the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('defend.v.01.defend')
Frequency of Synset('defend.v.01'): 19  (argue or speak in defense of)
	 1.Example sentence: In one debate he supported the freedom of judgment as opposed to dogma , in another he held that the practice of science was in fact an act of religious worship . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` You owe it to Penny to give her a chance to explain that she was defending you , really '' , he observed mildly . 
	 3.Example sentence: She could not resist the opportunity `` of showing her superiority in argument over a man '' which she had remarked as one of the `` feminine follies '' of Sara Sullam ; and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception - he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College - until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything . 
	 4.Example sentence: The thoroughgoing idealization of the planter society did not come , however , until after the Civil War when Southern writers were eager to defend a way of life which had been destroyed . 

Frequency of Synset('defend.v.02'): 12  (be on the defensive; act against an attack)
	 1.Example sentence: He hit the theme about dying to defend your country , and you were ready to do it right then , without a second thought . 
	 2.Example sentence: On Big Stone Lake near the headwaters of the Red River , Robert Dickson , Superintendent of the Western Indian Department of Canada , had a trading post and planned in 1818 to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces . 
	 3.Example sentence: No more could he defend himself against them . 
	 4.Example sentence: In short , as frequently happens in analyses , the individual feels threatened and defends himself . 

Frequency of Synset('fight.v.02'): 45  (fight against or resist strongly)
	 1.Example sentence: Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mission to the metropolis contradicts survival of the congregation in the residential community , because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependence with residential exclusion . 
	 3.Example sentence: He fought down the impulse to rush in and collar the vicious puncher on the spot . 
	 4.Example sentence: For internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('dissemble.v.03.pretend')
Frequency of Synset('feign.v.01'): 16  (make believe with the intent to deceive)
	 1.Example sentence: Do n't pretend . 
	 2.Example sentence: No , she would not pretend modesty , but neither must she be crudely bold . 
	 3.Example sentence: One might pretend never to have seen one before , or , to more purpose , that there would never be another like it . 
	 4.Example sentence: He read Henry James and used to pretend profundity through eye-beamings at people . 

Frequency of Synset('guess.v.02'): 15  (put forward, of a guess, in spite of possible refutation)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Now , now , you 're just guessing , Sergeant '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Ca n't you guess '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: He guessed by their appearance that they were Rumanians . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('flash.v.04.flash')
Frequency of Synset('flash.v.01'): 13  (gleam or glow intermittently)
	 1.Example sentence: At once my ears were drowned by a flow of what I took to be Spanish , but - the driver 's white teeth flashing at me , the road wildly veering beyond his glistening hair , beyond his gesticulating bottle - it could have been the purest Oxford English I was half hearing ; I would n't have known the difference . 
	 2.Example sentence: Teeth again flashing back at me , the driver released a deluge of Spanish in which `` amigo '' appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound . 
	 3.Example sentence: Two cars came over a crest , their chrome and glass flashing . 
	 4.Example sentence: Houses winked as the cars rolled beside a little depot . 

Frequency of Synset('dart.v.02'): 12  (run or move very quickly or hastily)
	 1.Example sentence: `` So I just scooted out of his clutches . 
	 2.Example sentence: He dashed madly for the next elbow turn in the draw , and made it . 
	 3.Example sentence: He clambered out of the dwindling wash , the loose dirt flying behind him , and flashed a look about . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then they had always been romping around him on these walks , yelping with delight , dashing off into the bushes on fruitless hunting expeditions , returning to jump up on him triumphantly with muddy paws . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('directly.r.01.straight')
Frequency of Synset('directly.r.01'): 34  (without deviation)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the first restaurant he sensibly pulled up to go in for his dinner , and as a consequence did not see Cobb strike the open range at the mouth of the canyon and head straight across the swells for Antler . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is particularly acute for those who attended Midwood High School directly across the street from Brooklyn College . 

Frequency of Synset('directly.r.04'): 12  (in a forthright manner; candidly or frankly)
	 1.Example sentence: Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then I replied , coldly , `` If you despise me , why do n't you say so , directly '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his condescending , `` You 're welcome '' , was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor , over these months , on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note , each time , that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor suffered again on the morrow . 
	 4.Example sentence: Steinberg seems to have gone directly back to the score , discounting tradition , and has built his performance on the intention to reproduce as faithfully as possible exactly what Brahms set down on paper . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('involve.v.02.involve')
Frequency of Synset('involve.v.01'): 71  (connect closely and often incriminatingly)
	 1.Example sentence: A recent study indicated that 85 per cent of the nation 's largest corporations conducted educational programs involving some class meetings and examinations . 
	 2.Example sentence: The actual mean of 1.07 being about halfway between 0 of complete correlation and 2.0 of no correlation , it is evident that there is a pretty fair degree of similarity in the behavior even of particular individual items of meaning as regards long-term stem displacement . 
	 3.Example sentence: This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is believed that drug therapy and electroshock involve the former and psychotherapy the latter mechanism . 

Frequency of Synset('involve.v.02'): 21  (engage as a participant)
	 1.Example sentence: Yet had he not visited the girl at Saw Buck he would never have been involved in this latest tangle . 
	 2.Example sentence: Here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are transcendent . 
	 3.Example sentence: No previous antitrust case , he said , had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief . 
	 4.Example sentence: But though this characterization in no way diminished Eichmann 's guilt , the Prosecutor , more deeply involved in the tactics of a criminal case than a political one , would have none of it . 

Frequency of Synset('imply.v.05'): 17  (have as a necessary feature)
	 1.Example sentence: He rather wished he had never got into the business , and still - scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy money . 
	 2.Example sentence: The apprentice program will involve further education on a part-time basis , usually at night , perhaps using some of the same equipment of the high school . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is far more difficult in many communities to obtain admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get into the most selective medical school in the nation . 
	 4.Example sentence: This involves step-by-step progress , and such will have to be the day-by-day work of lexicostatistics as a growing body of scientific inquiry . 

Frequency of Synset('necessitate.v.01'): 320  (require as useful, just, or proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('depart.v.03.set_off')
Frequency of Synset('trip.v.04'): 14  (put in motion or move to act)
	 1.Example sentence: In some cases , however , domination of the sex act by one partner can be temporary , triggered by a passing but urgent emotional need . 
	 2.Example sentence: This in turn sets off an alarm , notifying the observers at the station that a tsunami is in progress . 
	 3.Example sentence: Many years later , the photon counting apparatus in the nose of the ship would determine that the star was close enough to actuate deceleration . 
	 4.Example sentence: J. Wheaton Smith , editor of the Warren Telegraph stated that `` the ends of justice must be satisfied , a solitary example must be set , in order that all those misnamed philantropists [ sic ] , who , actuated by a blind zeal , dare to instigate riot , treason , and murder , may heed it and shape their future course accordingly '' . 

Frequency of Synset('depart.v.03'): 20  (leave)
	 1.Example sentence: Hitching his cartridge belt around , Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side . 
	 2.Example sentence: Looking the setup over , Stevens started coolly for the rear of the place . 
	 3.Example sentence: Clapping spurs to the bronc he set off at a sharp canter , with growing alarm . 
	 4.Example sentence: Vastly relieved , Summers nodded and started toward the door . 

Frequency of Synset('explode.v.01'): 14  (cause to burst with a violent release of energy)
	 1.Example sentence: In one of these , an exploding wire device to study systems thermodynamically up to 6000 * * f and 100 atmospheres pressure , a major goal was achieved . 
	 2.Example sentence: The accuracy of measuring the total electrical energy entering an exploding wire during a few microseconds was verified when two independent types of comparison with the heat energy produced had an uncertainty of less than 2 percent . 
	 3.Example sentence: Using Edgerton 's method , the fast closing action is obtained from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires . 
	 4.Example sentence: Only one of the flight scored a direct hit and the rest blew up jungle . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('let.v.01.allow')
Frequency of Synset('let.v.01'): 309  (make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 

Frequency of Synset('permit.v.01'): 103  (consent to, give permission)
	 1.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim - all in violation of the Fifth Amendment . 
	 3.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 4.Example sentence: No questions , statements , or explanations are permitted - only commands . 

Frequency of Synset('allow.v.03'): 31  (let have)
	 1.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 2.Example sentence: We granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was no lock because Herman did n't allow a lock . 
	 4.Example sentence: With the exception of the Roman Catholic and the Orthodox Catholic Churches , most churches make no moral distinction between rhythm and mechanical or chemical contraceptives , allowing the couple free choice . 

Frequency of Synset('allow.v.04'): 25  (give or assign a resource to a particular person or cause)
	 1.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 3.Example sentence: I have chosen to use the word `` mimesis '' in its Christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which , as in the Christian mind , are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience , which are not reserved , as in the Greek mind , only to moments of theoretical reflection . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is the primary function of the imagination operating in the absence of the original experiential stimulus by which the images were first appropriated . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.06'): 22  (make a possibility or provide opportunity for; permit to be attainable or cause to remain)
	 1.Example sentence: He seems , by some unconscious division of labor , to have given them that one function and no other , leaving communication to the rest of the face . 
	 2.Example sentence: The original electrocardiograph primarily indicates irregularities in the heartbeat , but today 's techniques allow exact measurements of the flow of blood through the aorta , dimensioning of the heart and its chambers , and a much more detailed study of each heartbeat . 
	 3.Example sentence: These areas by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . 
	 4.Example sentence: The actual surface becomes both ground and background , and it turns out - suddenly and paradoxically - that the only place left for a three-dimensional illusion is in front of , upon , the surface . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('calculate.v.02.figure')
Frequency of Synset('calculate.v.02'): 36  (judge to be probable)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . 
	 2.Example sentence: The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close . 
	 3.Example sentence: I mean , we all figured - I guess anybody 'd figure - Angie '' - 
	 4.Example sentence: I mean , we all figured - I guess anybody 'd figure - Angie '' - 

Frequency of Synset('figure.v.02'): 16  (be or play a part of or in)
	 1.Example sentence: Intangibles entered , then - hunches which felt like facts . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other pairs of phonologic subsystems also interact or overlap in this way ; for example , duration sometimes figures in both the vowel system and the intonation . 
	 3.Example sentence: The foreign entry limit price would be approached more rapidly , since domestic wage rates do not enter foreign costs directly . 
	 4.Example sentence: The fourth and concluding point will be to estimate the long-run significance of the elections and how they figure in the current pattern of internal politics . 

Frequency of Synset('visualize.v.01'): 59  (imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind)
	 1.Example sentence: He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part . 
	 2.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 3.Example sentence: Based on our experience with clients , we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups - the market place itself , marketing methods , and marketing management . 
	 4.Example sentence: They 've worried , they 've lain awake nights , they 've shook at the slightest footstep , they 've pictured their own destruction , and now it 's all over and they can give up . 

Frequency of Synset('calculate.v.01'): 24  (make a mathematical calculation or computation)
	 1.Example sentence: The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density . 
	 2.Example sentence: A study of the hydrogen line profiles indicates that a measurement of these profiles can be used to calculate a temperature for the arc plasma that is reliable to about * * f percent . 
	 3.Example sentence: Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which , properly handled , would , he had assured him , turn into a workbench . 
	 4.Example sentence: When an occurrence * * f is isolated during text reading , a random memory address * * f , the address of a cell in the X-region , is computed from the form of * * f . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('bend.v.01.bend')
Frequency of Synset('bend.v.01'): 17  (form a curve)
	 1.Example sentence: Swinging up then , and bending forward over the horn , he urged his mount down the meandering draw . 
	 2.Example sentence: They were all three bent over a shabby riding boot ; George had a tack hammer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Watson bent awkwardly and lifted the man to his feet . 
	 4.Example sentence: When he was bent over behind the wheel of the station wagon , feeling in his trouser cuffs for the ignition key which he had dropped a moment before , she came out of the house with an enormous Rumanian shawl over her head , which she had bought in that country during one of their trips abroad , and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window . 

Frequency of Synset('crouch.v.01'): 15  (bend one's back forward from the waist on down)
	 1.Example sentence: The way his red rubber lips were stretched across his pearly little teeth I though he was only having a little joke , but , no , he wanted me to bend down from the roar of wind so he could roar something into my ear . 
	 2.Example sentence: He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was crouched over his anvil in the courtyard getting his chisels into trim , when a splinter of steel flew into his eye and imbedded itself in his pupil . 
	 4.Example sentence: The colonel crouched tensely on one of the folding chairs , methodically tearing at his thumbnail . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('urge.v.01.urge')
Frequency of Synset('urge.v.01'): 41  (force or impel in an indicated direction)
	 1.Example sentence: Swinging up then , and bending forward over the horn , he urged his mount down the meandering draw . 
	 2.Example sentence: He climbed , as quickly as he could urge his body , up the two unbroken flights to the third floor , pulling himself along on a delicate balustrade , all that remained of the building 's beauty . 
	 3.Example sentence: Representing as it did the efforts of only unauthorized individuals of the Roman and Anglican Churches , and urging a communion of prayer unacceptable to Rome , this association produced little fruit , and , in fact , was condemned by the Holy Office in 1864 . 
	 4.Example sentence: Those modern scholars who urge that we must keep in mind the fundamental continuity of Aegean development from earliest times - granted occasional irruptions of peoples and ideas from outside - are correct ; but all too many observers have been misled by this fact into minimizing the degree of change which took place in the early first millennium . 

Frequency of Synset('recommend.v.01'): 69  (push for something)
	 1.Example sentence: When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: On March 21 , 1957 , however , the Department recommended approval of the 1 , - A classification . 
	 3.Example sentence: But it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology . 
	 4.Example sentence: recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('arm.n.01.arm')
Frequency of Synset('arm.n.01'): 68  (a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb)
	 1.Example sentence: A second twitched his shirtsleeve , and he felt a brief burn on his upper arm . 
	 2.Example sentence: He drew back his arm to slash the gunbarrel across Jess 's face , but did n't finish the motion . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pain shout up Curt 's arm clear to the shoulder , but Jess seemed hardly aware that he had been hit . 
	 4.Example sentence: When Kitti was alive - and he remembered the pressure of her hand resting lightly on his arm - she had been the center of his life . 

Frequency of Synset('weapon.n.01'): 24  (any instrument or instrumentality used in fighting or hunting)
	 1.Example sentence: Amid the crackle of small arms and automatic weapons , I heard the thumping of mortars . 
	 2.Example sentence: During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment - and the bitterest irony - enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : 
	 3.Example sentence: The increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment . 
	 4.Example sentence: Furthermore , unexpectedly rapid progress or a technological break-through on any one weapon system , in itself , often diminishes the relative importance of other competitive systems . 

Frequency of Synset('branch.n.01'): 20  (a division of some larger or more complex organization)
	 1.Example sentence: Computers are being used to keep branch inventories at more workable levels . 
	 2.Example sentence: Branch Offices are located in other large cities . 
	 3.Example sentence: Branch Offices are located in other large cities . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is , I am reliably given to understand , the technical argot for those who engage in your particular branch of the boost ; i.e. , burglars who rob while the tenants are absent , in contrast to hot slough prowlers , those who work while the occupants are home . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('spot.v.02.make_out')
Frequency of Synset('spot.v.02'): 31  (detect with the senses)
	 1.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 2.Example sentence: And you recognized me '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` But when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times , I knew I had been framed , and withdrew almost at once '' . 

Frequency of Synset('do.v.04'): 55  (proceed or get along)
	 1.Example sentence: It is significant , too , that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . 
	 2.Example sentence: The consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College outnumber the boys and do somewhat better academically . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nor can anyone be certain that Prokofieff would have done better , or even as well , under different circumstances . 
	 4.Example sentence: His fellow countryman , Igor Stravinsky , certainly did not . 

Frequency of Synset('cope.v.01'): 16  (come to terms with)
	 1.Example sentence: Even if it did not , how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and submachine guns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Martha presumably would cope . 
	 3.Example sentence: The expedient thing - yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The state universities of Maine , New Hampshire , And Vermont are older and more `` respectable '' ; they had less immigration to contend with . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('soil.n.02.dirt')
Frequency of Synset('soil.n.02'): 22  (the part of the earth's surface consisting of humus and disintegrated rock)
	 1.Example sentence: We rode over roads so rough that our Jeep came to rest atop the soil between ruts , all four wheels spinning uselessly . 
	 2.Example sentence: He clambered out of the dwindling wash , the loose dirt flying behind him , and flashed a look about . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a long , low room , like a root cellar , for it was banked up with soil , and vines had run rampant over that , too . 
	 4.Example sentence: The curb was a line of stone laid edgewise in the dirt and tilted this way and that by frost in the ground or the roots of trees . 

Frequency of Synset('dirt.n.02'): 34  (the state of being covered with unclean things)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I might have starved , but at least I would n't be fried to a crisp and soaked with dirt '' ! 
	 2.Example sentence: She was personally sloppy , and when she had colds would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it , soaking wet , dangling from her waist , and when she gardened she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves . 
	 3.Example sentence: He noticed a speck of dirt on the sill and swiped at it with his finger . 
	 4.Example sentence: Wet cleaning involves an aqueous medium , a solid substrate , soil to be removed , and the detergent or surface-active material . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('function.v.01.function')
Frequency of Synset('function.v.01'): 69  (perform as expected when applied)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 
	 3.Example sentence: Where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention . 
	 4.Example sentence: They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . 

Frequency of Synset('serve.v.01'): 55  (serve a purpose, role, or function)
	 1.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this question , it has served as an exclamation . 
	 4.Example sentence: Perhaps the Jewish students at Brooklyn College - constituting 85 per cent of those who attend the day session - can serve as a paradigm of the urban , lower middle class Jewish student . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('control.n.02.control')
Frequency of Synset('control.n.01'): 19  (power to direct or determine)
	 1.Example sentence: A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws , but he kept control upon his voice . 
	 2.Example sentence: The initiative , administration and control remain primarily with the local school districts . 
	 3.Example sentence: So in these pages the term `` technology '' is used to include any and all means which could amplify , project , or augment man 's control over himself and over other men . 
	 4.Example sentence: Naturally this includes all communication forms , e. g. languages , or any social , political , economic or religious structures employed for such control . 

Frequency of Synset('control.n.02'): 16  (a relation of constraint of one entity (thing or person or group) by another)
	 1.Example sentence: By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nothing in the Act shall be construed to alter existing law with respect to the ownership and control of water . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , if corporations are not to run away with us , they must become quasi governmental institutions , subject to public control and needs . 
	 4.Example sentence: Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society ; and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('property.n.02.property')
Frequency of Synset('property.n.01'): 31  (something owned; any tangible or intangible possession that is owned by someone)
	 1.Example sentence: acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; 
	 2.Example sentence: Without money or property , what would you have had at Baton Rouge '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: If you hold property for the production of rents or royalties you subtract , in computing Adjusted Gross Income , ordinary and necessary expenses and certain other deductions attributable to the property . 
	 4.Example sentence: If you hold property for the production of rents or royalties you subtract , in computing Adjusted Gross Income , ordinary and necessary expenses and certain other deductions attributable to the property . 

Frequency of Synset('property.n.02'): 26  (a basic or essential attribute shared by all members of a class)
	 1.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 
	 2.Example sentence: This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago . 
	 3.Example sentence: The development and testing of new apparatus to measure other properties is nearing completion . 
	 4.Example sentence: A 6 - year study of the transport properties of air at elevated temperatures has been completed . 

Frequency of Synset('place.n.02'): 40  (any area set aside for a particular purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: Russ visited two places without result and his blood pressure was down to zero . 
	 2.Example sentence: He tramped out of the Miners Rest with his hopes plummeting , and headed doggedly for the Palace Saloon , the last place of any consequence on this side of the street . 
	 3.Example sentence: The front windows of the place were long and narrow , reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior . 
	 4.Example sentence: While five minutes ago the place had presented a scene of easy revelry , with Gyp Carmer a prominent figure , it was now as somnolent and dull as the day before payday . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('meet.v.04.fulfill')
Frequency of Synset('carry_through.v.01'): 44  (put in effect)
	 1.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 
	 2.Example sentence: To carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale . 
	 3.Example sentence: This project was carried out under sponsorship of the Ballistic Missile Division of the Air Research and Development Command , U. S. Air Force , and had as its goal the investigation of the transport by diffusion of the heat energy of chemical binding . 
	 4.Example sentence: In carrying out his functions under section 2 of this Act , the Secretary may - 

Frequency of Synset('satisfy.v.01'): 16  (meet the requirements or expectations of)
	 1.Example sentence: Stern faced , he inspected the prisoners , satisfying himself that they were clean , well fed and comfortable within reason . 
	 2.Example sentence: The line soon lived up to its name , as local messages of moderate length could be sent for a dime and the company was quickly able to declare very liberal dividends on its capital stock . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` You always live up to your name , always like this , always making happy '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The flavor of Baltimore 's Florida Grapefruit League news ripened considerably late today when the Orioles were advised that Ron Hansen has fulfilled his obligations under the Army 's military training program and is ready for belated spring training . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.04'): 40  (fill or meet a want or need)
	 1.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 
	 2.Example sentence: The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need . 
	 3.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 4.Example sentence: The connective system , or network , is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective , and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory , a college , or a rural village . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('enterprise.n.01.endeavor')
Frequency of Synset('enterprise.n.01'): 11  (a purposeful or industrious undertaking (especially one that requires effort or boldness))
	 1.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 2.Example sentence: Putting the key into the switch , pressing the accelerator with his foot , putting the car into reverse , seemed vast endeavors almost beyond the ability of his shaking body . 
	 3.Example sentence: The earlier of them was an unofficial enterprise , sponsored by Life magazine , under the title of the National purpose . 
	 4.Example sentence: Accordingly we may speak of the Platonism peculiar to Shelley 's poems or the type of Stoicism present in Henley 's `` Invictus '' , and we may find that describing such Platonism or such Stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise . 

Frequency of Synset('attempt.n.01'): 123  (earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something)
	 1.Example sentence: What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 3.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 4.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('party.n.02.party')
Frequency of Synset('party.n.01'): 29  (an organization to gain political power)
	 1.Example sentence: At any rate , the substance of Eichmann 's testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the SS , and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews , his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to that extent . 
	 2.Example sentence: The electoral procedure prevented the ready identification of party affiliation , but all vitally interested parties , including the government itself , were busily engaged in determining the party identifications of all successful candidates the month following the elections . 
	 3.Example sentence: The electoral procedure prevented the ready identification of party affiliation , but all vitally interested parties , including the government itself , were busily engaged in determining the party identifications of all successful candidates the month following the elections . 
	 4.Example sentence: The electoral procedure prevented the ready identification of party affiliation , but all vitally interested parties , including the government itself , were busily engaged in determining the party identifications of all successful candidates the month following the elections . 

Frequency of Synset('party.n.02'): 14  (a group of people gathered together for pleasure)
	 1.Example sentence: The party is usually in a room small enough so that all guests are within sight and hearing of one another . 
	 2.Example sentence: The completeness of the connections provide that , for N people , there are * * f lines of communication between the pairs , which can become a large number ( 1225 ) for a party of fifty guests . 
	 3.Example sentence: Faith Constable had had to `` go on '' from the party and had , presumably , gone on . 
	 4.Example sentence: And they sat down and began their little coffee party . 

Frequency of Synset('party.n.03'): 12  (a band of people associated temporarily in some activity)
	 1.Example sentence: Without monitoring , a military hookup becomes a noisy party . 
	 2.Example sentence: As a strike continues , these parties increase their pressure on the industry to reach an agreement . 
	 3.Example sentence: The forced sale of the General Motors stock owned by or allocable to Christiana , Delaware , and the stockholders of Delaware , and deposited with the trustee , would result in a tax to those parties at the capital gains rate . 
	 4.Example sentence: He was a propagandist - they were n't afraid of the word , then - satirist , nature lover , philosopher , scientist , what you will , a member of every party and of no party . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('air.n.01.air')
Frequency of Synset('air.n.01'): 34  (a mixture of gases (especially oxygen) required for breathing; the stuff that the wind consists of)
	 1.Example sentence: Since the air is a continuum , the network of communication remains intact regardless of the positions or motions of the points ( the people ) in the net . 
	 2.Example sentence: A 6 - year study of the transport properties of air at elevated temperatures has been completed . 
	 3.Example sentence: The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density . 
	 4.Example sentence: Molten glare singed their eyelids an angry crimson ; suffocating air sapped their strength and strained their nerves to snapping ; dust choked their throats and lay like acid in their lungs . 

Frequency of Synset('air.n.02'): 15  (the region above the ground)
	 1.Example sentence: Every plane that could fly was sent into the air . 
	 2.Example sentence: The second capability is represented by our deployed ground , naval , and air forces in essential forward areas , together with ready reserves capable of effecting early emergency reinforcement . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could not grasp that Lord had withdrawn from the fight minutes ago , and that his leaden arms were flailing at nothing but the air . 
	 4.Example sentence: The street that is full now of traffic and parked cars then and for many years drowsed on an August afternoon in the shade of the curbside trees , and silence was a weight , almost palpable , in the air . 

Frequency of Synset('tune.n.01'): 21  (a succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence)
	 1.Example sentence: The sniper , whether psychopathic marksman or murderer by intent , would hardly have walked to his vantage point with rifle over shoulder , whistling a marching tune . 
	 2.Example sentence: His creative development of melodic designs of Slavic dance tunes and love songs is captivating : witty , clever , adroit , and subtle . 
	 3.Example sentence: Also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was required . 
	 4.Example sentence: Meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty protagonist ; a maladroit reharmonization of our National Anthem ( The Star-Spangled Banner ) ; a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto ; a circus polka for elephants ; his hopes that the tunes from his old music might be used for popular American commercial songs ! 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('couple.n.04.pair')
Frequency of Synset('pair.n.01'): 14  (a set of two similar things considered as a unit)
	 1.Example sentence: Ca n't you get another pair '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I 'll get an elegant pair of thin soled Italian shoes tomorrow , Carla '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Other pairs of phonologic subsystems also interact or overlap in this way ; for example , duration sometimes figures in both the vowel system and the intonation . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Did n't you have an old pair of painting overalls in the garage ? 

Frequency of Synset('couple.n.04'): 12  (two items of the same kind)
	 1.Example sentence: As shown in Figure 1 , there is a connection for communication between every pair of points . 
	 2.Example sentence: The completeness of the connections provide that , for N people , there are * * f lines of communication between the pairs , which can become a large number ( 1225 ) for a party of fifty guests . 
	 3.Example sentence: This second conclusion , independently arrived at by independent study of material from two pairs of language families as different and remote from one another as these four are , cannot be ignored . 
	 4.Example sentence: The next morning , as the clock struck nine , he appeared at the Council meeting in the Town Hall and insisted that the couple would have to be punished if the Church was to be respected . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('dream.n.02.dream')
Frequency of Synset('dream.n.01'): 30  (a series of mental images and emotions occurring during sleep)
	 1.Example sentence: As I have been intimating , in the schizophrenic - and perhaps also in the dreams of the neurotic ; this is a question which I have no wish to take up - condensation is a phenomenon in which one finds not a condensed expression of various feelings and ideas which are , at an unconscious level , well sorted out , but rather a condensed expression of feelings and ideas which , even in the unconscious , have yet to become well differentiated from one another . 
	 2.Example sentence: By September 1940 the suite had developed into a collection of six songs , `` four spirituals , a dream , and a lullaby '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: He saw with John Hunter now that the perfectability of man was a dream . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was like finally getting into one 's own nightmares to punish one 's dreams . 

Frequency of Synset('ambition.n.01'): 12  (a cherished desire)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1806 his ambition was realized and he became professor of physics at the Copenhagen University , though not realizing full professorship ( ordinarius ) until 1817 . 
	 3.Example sentence: In spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group , the * * f incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if N exceeds about six . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had almost forgotten them , although they had played such an important part in his early dreams . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('exceed.v.01.exceed')
Frequency of Synset('exceed.v.01'): 24  (be greater in scope or size than some standard)
	 1.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 2.Example sentence: In spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group , the * * f incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if N exceeds about six . 
	 3.Example sentence: Despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; they are priceless even though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page ; they are the most valuable of commodities - and the most salable , for their demand far exceeds supply . 
	 4.Example sentence: Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit . 

Frequency of Synset('exceed.v.02'): 12  (be superior or better than some standard)
	 1.Example sentence: Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress . 
	 2.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 4.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('greater.a.01.greater')
Frequency of Synset('greater.a.01'): 41  (greater in size or importance or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 2.Example sentence: The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling . 
	 3.Example sentence: It will readily be seen that in this suggested network ( not materially different from some of the networks in vogue today ) greater emphasis on monitoring is implied than is usually put into practice . 
	 4.Example sentence: The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 * * f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the | l point . 

Frequency of Synset('great.s.01'): 90  (relatively large in size or number or extent; larger than others of its kind)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the great strait . 

Frequency of Synset('great.s.02'): 38  (of major significance or importance)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('designate.v.01.designate')
Frequency of Synset('designate.v.01'): 12  (assign a name or title to)
	 1.Example sentence: In Figure 2 , the points in the network are designated by a letter accompanied by a number . 
	 2.Example sentence: Here again we run into the roadblock that Negroes do not like to be designated as Negroes in the press . 
	 3.Example sentence: He prefers to designate such schools as `` general '' high schools . 
	 4.Example sentence: The pre 1960 rate of Federal participation with respect to any State 's base allotment , as well as the adjusted rate in effect during the 1960 - 1962 period , is designated by the statute as that State 's `` adjusted Federal Share '' . 

Frequency of Synset('delegate.v.02'): 17  (give an assignment to (a person) to a post, or assign a task to (a person))
	 1.Example sentence: Can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Personnel assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops , at which hundreds of school administrators , teachers , professors , and recreational leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education . 
	 4.Example sentence: Early in 1941 they were assigned to a script titled Hot Nocturne . 

Frequency of Synset('indicate.v.02'): 103  (indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Bo ^ o ^ k indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . 
	 3.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('equal.a.01.equal')
Frequency of Synset('equal.a.01'): 31  (having the same quantity, value, or measure as another)
	 1.Example sentence: In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . 
	 2.Example sentence: The level of average cost ( equal to marginal cost ) is thus strictly a function of the wage rate . 
	 3.Example sentence: While the particular limits of these groupings may seem artificially arbitrary ; they do fairly express a corresponding grouping of more variable material , and they eventuate also in five classes , along a similar scale , containing approximately equal numbers of cases , namely 19 , 14 , 15 , 11 , 12 in Athabascan . 
	 4.Example sentence: Equal proportions of children in each city were drawn from upper-lower and lower-middle class neighborhoods . 

Frequency of Synset('adequate.a.01'): 16  (having the requisite qualities or resources to meet a task)
	 1.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 
	 2.Example sentence: We should expect that general phonologic theory should be as adequate for tone as for consonants and vowels , but it has not been . 
	 3.Example sentence: If there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhere , many more workers can be expected to respond . 
	 4.Example sentence: The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('consideration.n.01.consideration')
Frequency of Synset('consideration.n.01'): 17  (the process of giving careful thought to something)
	 1.Example sentence: Location theorists have given these matters much consideration . 
	 2.Example sentence: But are all these works worthy of consideration ? 
	 3.Example sentence: I hope his suggestions are given the consideration they deserve in Kikuyu circles . 
	 4.Example sentence: If companies will take the time to give objective consideration to their major problems and to the questions they provoke , then a long constructive step will have been taken toward more effective marketing in next decade . 

Frequency of Synset('circumstance.n.03'): 15  (information that should be kept in mind when making a decision)
	 1.Example sentence: In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department 's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer 's report and notes . 
	 2.Example sentence: Merely having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consideration . 
	 3.Example sentence: National defense considerations have been the major reason behind most Federal training expenditures in recent decades . 
	 4.Example sentence: This Court agreed with the trial court `` that considerations of price , quality and service were not overlooked by either du Pont or General Motors '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('military.a.01.military')
Frequency of Synset('military.a.01'): 37  (of or relating to the study of the principles of warfare)
	 1.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 
	 2.Example sentence: Without monitoring , a military hookup becomes a noisy party . 
	 3.Example sentence: The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling . 
	 4.Example sentence: The commands are specified by the military regulations ; are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . 

Frequency of Synset('military.a.02'): 11  (characteristic of or associated with soldiers or the military)
	 1.Example sentence: I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity . 
	 2.Example sentence: This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives . 
	 3.Example sentence: The decreases , which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement , are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such as tanks , vehicles , guns , and electronic devices . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Department of Defense appropriation acts for the past several years have contained a rider which limits competitive bidding by firms in other countries on certain military supply items . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('machine.n.01.machine')
Frequency of Synset('machine.n.01'): 30  (any mechanical or electrical device that transmits or modifies energy to perform or assist in the performance of human tasks)
	 1.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 
	 2.Example sentence: Despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; they are priceless even though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page ; they are the most valuable of commodities - and the most salable , for their demand far exceeds supply . 
	 3.Example sentence: In this world-wide conscription of men , minds , and machines , Prokofieff was recalled to his native land . 
	 4.Example sentence: Similarly , a girl who graduates with a good working knowledge of stenography and the use of clerical machines and who is able to get a job at once may wish to improve her skill and knowledge by a year or two of further study in a community college or secretarial school . 

Frequency of Synset('car.n.01'): 71  (a motor vehicle with four wheels; usually propelled by an internal combustion engine)
	 1.Example sentence: I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets . 
	 2.Example sentence: I swam like mad , got out of the pool , grabbed my robe , and ran to the car . 
	 3.Example sentence: I was so scared , well , I just ran to my car and came here '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Four cars were parked at the curb , and two of them were police radio cars . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('progress.v.01.progress')
Frequency of Synset('progress.v.01'): 14  (develop in a positive way)
	 1.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Government will contract with an eligible applicant to pay up to one-half of the cost of approved exploration work as it progresses . 
	 3.Example sentence: Bob Carroll may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to LaGuardia as Tom Bosley does , but I was amazed at the way he became more and more Fiorello as the evening progressed , until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this was n't really LaGuardia come back among us again . 
	 4.Example sentence: Come on , now . 

Frequency of Synset('build_up.v.02'): 11  (form or accumulate steadily)
	 1.Example sentence: They will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures . 
	 2.Example sentence: Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it . 
	 3.Example sentence: I kept saying , `` If I could just build up a reputation for myself , make some real money , get to be well known as an illustrator - like Peter Askington , for instance - then I could take some time off and paint '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then he was striding across the room , his thoughts confused but the worry building swiftly inside him as he snatched up the note . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('originate.v.01.originate')
Frequency of Synset('originate.v.01'): 65  (come into existence; take on form or shape)
	 1.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 2.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 
	 3.Example sentence: States were free to enact , within broad though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 

Frequency of Synset('originate.v.02'): 29  (bring into being)
	 1.Example sentence: `` That 's what started all the trouble in the first place . 
	 2.Example sentence: Similar measurements are being initiated to resolve a large discrepancy in the heat of formation of another important combustion product , beryllium fluoride . 
	 3.Example sentence: Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he had n't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he had n't found it . 
	 4.Example sentence: The planter aristocracy has appeared in literature at least since John Pendleton Kennedy published Swallow-Barn in 1832 and in his genial portrait of Frank Meriwether presiding over his plantation dominion initiated the most persistent tradition of Southern literature . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('end.v.01.terminate')
Frequency of Synset('end.v.02'): 36  (bring to an end or halt)
	 1.Example sentence: Adverbial second complements , however , are likely not to have dominant stress when they terminate sentences . 
	 2.Example sentence: Does our society have a runaway , uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization , or a normal , healthy growth ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In addition , the right to vote the General Motors stock held by du Pont was to be vested in du Pont 's stockholders , other than Christiana and Delaware and the stockholders of Delaware ; du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be enjoined from acquiring stock in or exercising control over General Motors ; du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be prohibited to have any director or officer in common with General Motors , and vice versa ; and General Motors and du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies . 
	 4.Example sentence: Text reading is terminated when a pre-determined number of forms have been stored in the text form list . 

Frequency of Synset('end.v.01'): 65  (have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical)
	 1.Example sentence: The first half of The Charles Men , ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709 , is more dramatically coherent than the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in My own Mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('restrain.v.01.restrain')
Frequency of Synset('restrain.v.01'): 12  (keep under control; keep in check)
	 1.Example sentence: Even the officer in charge , be it a captain ( for small display ) or a general , is restrained by monitoring . 
	 2.Example sentence: New Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence , as Jefferson explained in his `` Autobiography '' : `` The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia , who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it . 
	 3.Example sentence: None of this showed in his face , and he tried to keep his skepticism in hand . 
	 4.Example sentence: As he declaimed the sonorous measures , it was as much as Claire could do to restrain herself from bursting out with her dramatic tidings . 

Frequency of Synset('restrict.v.03'): 39  (place limits on (extent or access))
	 1.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 2.Example sentence: However likely it was , Pauling said , he could n't limit himself to it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially `` limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 

Frequency of Synset('restrain.v.03'): 14  (to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A man was holding onto Lou , holding him up . 
	 2.Example sentence: Kneeling , Cobb planted a sturdy knee in the small of his back , holding him pinned . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now , Mis-ter McBride '' , said Lord , and he laid a firmly restraining hand on the field boss 's arm . 
	 4.Example sentence: Blockade runners can be stopped - by gunfire , if necessary - searched and held , at least temporarily . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('desire.v.01.desire')
Frequency of Synset('desire.v.01'): 394  (feel or have a desire for; want strongly)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin 's funeral . 
	 2.Example sentence: She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; particularly the scholarship fund . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: First , they wanted to clarify a tantalizing , bizarre enigma . 

Frequency of Synset('hope.v.01'): 64  (expect and wish)
	 1.Example sentence: A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: She realized I 'd have to notify the police , but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name . 
	 3.Example sentence: He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . 
	 4.Example sentence: The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('long_time.n.01.years')
Frequency of Synset('old_age.n.01'): 19  (a late time of life)
	 1.Example sentence: One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college oriented . 
	 2.Example sentence: But the fences were still in place fifty odd years ago , and when we stood on the gate to look over , the sidewalk under our eyes was not cement but two rows of paving stones with grass between and on both sides . 
	 3.Example sentence: He must be a million years old . 
	 4.Example sentence: William Hitchcock , who retired in 1938 , was a veteran of thirty-four years ' local service . 

Frequency of Synset('year.n.01'): 421  (a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days)
	 1.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most of them this past year , I 'd say . 
	 3.Example sentence: Even two or three years ago I doubt that she 'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 4.Example sentence: ( No additional five thousand for each year after Joan 's twenty-first birthday ; Mrs. Meeker had n't got around to taking care of that . ) 

Frequency of Synset('year.n.02'): 18  (a period of time occupying a regular part of a calendar year that is used for some particular activity)
	 1.Example sentence: In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , in their junior and senior years , they generally forego their athletic pursuits , presumably in the interest of better academic achievement . 
	 3.Example sentence: Although Brooklyn College does not yet have a junior year abroad program , a good number of students spend summers in Europe . 
	 4.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('behavior.n.01.behavior')
Frequency of Synset('behavior.n.01'): 33  (manner of acting or controlling yourself)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . 
	 3.Example sentence: Blanche knew something must be causing Stanley 's new , strange behavior but she never once connected it with Kitti Walker . 
	 4.Example sentence: Similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field . 

Frequency of Synset('demeanor.n.01'): 11  ((behavioral attributes) the way a person behaves toward other people)
	 1.Example sentence: Eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his condescending , `` You 're welcome '' , was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor , over these months , on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note , each time , that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor suffered again on the morrow . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , the theory that the determining influence of the hypothalamic balance has a profound influence on the clinical behavior of neuropsychiatric patients has not yet been tested on an adequate number of patients . 
	 3.Example sentence: If this is the case , one would expect that not only the various procedures just mentioned which alter the hypothalamic balance would influence emotional state and behavior but that emotion itself would act likewise . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems , as a first approximation , it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic cortical discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various moods and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances , in experimental and clinical neurosis , and as the result of psychopharmacological agents . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('premise.n.01.assumption')
Frequency of Synset('premise.n.01'): 15  (a statement that is assumed to be true and from which a conclusion can be drawn)
	 1.Example sentence: The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are : ( a ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. . 
	 2.Example sentence: These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top , six directly under him , six under each of these , and so on until there are six levels of personnel . 
	 3.Example sentence: The basic premise of all mystery stories is that the distinction between good and bad coincides with the distinction between legal and illegal . 
	 4.Example sentence: Unfortunately , this assumption does not always hold good . 

Frequency of Synset('assumption.n.02'): 13  (a hypothesis that is taken for granted)
	 1.Example sentence: Analyses such as these four will simultaneously combat the assumptions that tone is impossible and that it is simple . 
	 2.Example sentence: Part 1 , below describes this abstract model by spelling out its assumptions . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Mathematical Appendix presents the rigorous argument , but is best read after Part 1 , in order that the assumptions underlying the equations may be explicit . 
	 4.Example sentence: The existence of conflict and of vigorous union demand for an increase in money wages does not contradict the assumption that the union is willing to settle for cost-of-living and productivity share increases as distinct from a cost raising increase in the basic wage rate . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('imply.v.02.imply')
Frequency of Synset('imply.v.01'): 19  (express or state indirectly)
	 1.Example sentence: A word taken in its dictionary meaning , a photographic image of a recognizable object , the mere picturing of a `` scene '' tends to lose experiential vividness and to connote such conventional abstractions as to invite neutral reception without the incitement of value feelings . 
	 2.Example sentence: In I knew you when you were a child , and you were pretty then dominant stress on then implies that the young woman spoken to is still pretty . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the first of these sentences if by is the complement of come and Tuesday is an adjunct of time equivalent to on Tuesday , there will be strong stress on by in the spoken language ; but if a complement for come is implied and by Tuesday is a prepositional unit used as an adjunct , by will be unstressed or lightly stressed at most . 
	 4.Example sentence: Faulkner 's is not the mind of the apologist which Mr. O' Donnell implies that it is . 

Frequency of Synset('imply.v.02'): 14  (suggest as a logically necessary consequence; in logic)
	 1.Example sentence: It will readily be seen that in this suggested network ( not materially different from some of the networks in vogue today ) greater emphasis on monitoring is implied than is usually put into practice . 
	 2.Example sentence: A randomization of `` ups '' and `` downs '' is more likely than ordered `` ups '' and `` downs '' in position ( 3 ) since the hydrogen atoms are well separated and so the position of one could hardly affect the position of another , and also since ordered `` up '' and `` down '' implies a larger unit cell , for which no evidence exists . 
	 3.Example sentence: The foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion . 
	 4.Example sentence: These trumps were more touching than they were anything else , and seemed to imply that the nights were long , her children ungrateful , and her marriage bewilderingly threadbare . 

Frequency of Synset('entail.v.01'): 95  (have as a logical consequence)
	 1.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 
	 2.Example sentence: The din was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around . 
	 3.Example sentence: A crucial question , therefore , is what evangelism and mission actually mean in metropolitan Protestantism . 
	 4.Example sentence: This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . 

Frequency of Synset('imply.v.05'): 17  (have as a necessary feature)
	 1.Example sentence: He rather wished he had never got into the business , and still - scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy money . 
	 2.Example sentence: The apprentice program will involve further education on a part-time basis , usually at night , perhaps using some of the same equipment of the high school . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is far more difficult in many communities to obtain admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get into the most selective medical school in the nation . 
	 4.Example sentence: This involves step-by-step progress , and such will have to be the day-by-day work of lexicostatistics as a growing body of scientific inquiry . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('seriously.r.01.seriously')
Frequency of Synset('seriously.r.01'): 16  (in a serious manner)
	 1.Example sentence: He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated , although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient specialists of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss , for example , in precision machinery and mathematics , or the Finns in geochemistry . 
	 3.Example sentence: Consider him seriously , therefore ? 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I do my best '' , said Mr. Skyros earnestly , `` just for you , my friend . 

Frequency of Synset('badly.r.01'): 16  (to a severe or serious degree)
	 1.Example sentence: Michael Butt and Adame Moore were thrown off the capstan and badly injured . 
	 2.Example sentence: This limited familiarity with the possible phenomena has severely hampered work with tone . 
	 3.Example sentence: The figures on the worksheet paper in front of her were jumping and waving around so badly it was all she could do to make them out clearly enough to copy them with the typewriter . 
	 4.Example sentence: O ' Banion drew his guns and fired at Dave , severely wounding him in the stomach . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('concern.n.04.concern')
Frequency of Synset('concern.n.01'): 21  (something that interests you because it is important or affects you)
	 1.Example sentence: These polar concerns ( imitation vs. formalism ) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time . 
	 2.Example sentence: The central concern of Erich Auerbach 's impressive volume called Mimesis is to describe the shift from a classic theory of imitation ( based upon a recognition of levels of truth ) to a Christian theory of imitation in which the levels are dissolved . 
	 3.Example sentence: The union does not regard unemployment of its own members as a matter of concern when setting its own wage policy - its concern with employment makes itself felt in pressure upon the government to maintain full employment . 
	 4.Example sentence: The union does not regard unemployment of its own members as a matter of concern when setting its own wage policy - its concern with employment makes itself felt in pressure upon the government to maintain full employment . 

Frequency of Synset('concern.n.02'): 15  (an anxious feeling)
	 1.Example sentence: We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes . 
	 2.Example sentence: She had skipped her lunch hour in the fear that he might call while she was out . 
	 3.Example sentence: And now she was feeling sick , both from concern about Stanley and hunger . 
	 4.Example sentence: Where the industry 's product price has been kept below the `` profit maximizing '' and `` entry limiting '' prices due to fears of public reaction , the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands . 

Frequency of Synset('concern.n.04'): 15  (something or someone that causes anxiety; a source of unhappiness)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin 's funeral . 
	 2.Example sentence: Coffee breaks can be a real headache if not regulated . 
	 3.Example sentence: Yet Laos was now one of the most explosive headaches of statesmen around the globe . 
	 4.Example sentence: We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes . 

Frequency of Synset('business.n.01'): 38  (a commercial or industrial enterprise and the people who constitute it)
	 1.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 2.Example sentence: You see , you got to remember , we all got schedules , like any business ! 
	 3.Example sentence: How in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business , raise a family , be on half a dozen boards , work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a bulging brief case ? 
	 4.Example sentence: This problem can force a change in marketing approach in many kinds of businesses . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('skill.n.01.skill')
Frequency of Synset('skill.n.01'): 36  (an ability that has been acquired by training)
	 1.Example sentence: We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes . 
	 2.Example sentence: Also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was required . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student , while still in school , to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation . 
	 4.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 

Frequency of Synset('skill.n.02'): 11  (ability to produce solutions in some problem domain)
	 1.Example sentence: The control tower gave him immediate take-off permission , and the clean roar of the engine that took him off the rough strip spoke well of the skill of Donovan . 
	 2.Example sentence: Though he knew no more about military science and tactics than any other desk officer , he managed to get transferred to the combat forces . 
	 3.Example sentence: These are , if the research is done with subtlety and skill , researchable topics , but the research is missing . 
	 4.Example sentence: Considerable technical skill was used and the administration of the elections was generally above reproach . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('authority.n.01.potency')
Frequency of Synset('authority.n.01'): 20  (the power or right to give orders or make decisions)
	 1.Example sentence: The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was not opposed to either justice or morality ; it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority . 
	 3.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 4.Example sentence: Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts , credit ideas with high potency . 

Frequency of Synset('potential.n.01'): 13  (the inherent capacity for coming into being)
	 1.Example sentence: The remote , cloudy , possible has values of its own - values of scope , stimulus , potential , and imagination . 
	 2.Example sentence: Considering that the current school age potential is 23 million youths , the project and its message on hunting and shooting education have many more to reach . 
	 3.Example sentence: When we consider the electronic industry potential for human betterment , the prospect is staggering . 
	 4.Example sentence: Guidance and advice are available on new product research and development ; new product potential ; processing methods ; product and market developments ; new industrial uses for raw , semi-processed and waste materials ; and industrial uses for agricultural products . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('record.v.01.record')
Frequency of Synset('record.v.01'): 41  (make a record of; set down in permanent form)
	 1.Example sentence: Despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; they are priceless even though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page ; they are the most valuable of commodities - and the most salable , for their demand far exceeds supply . 
	 2.Example sentence: There is a legend ( Hawthorne records it in his `` English Notebooks '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Artistic mimesis under Christian influence records the involvement of all persons , however humble , in a divine drama . 
	 4.Example sentence: The interviewers were instructed not to suggest answers and , as much as possible , to record the parents ' actual words as they described the child 's behavior in home situations . 

Frequency of Synset('read.v.08'): 16  (indicate a certain reading; of gauges and instruments)
	 1.Example sentence: However , any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded . 
	 2.Example sentence: The differentiation however is not very much greater , as shown by the fact that Athabascan shows 3.46 stems per meaning slot as against 2.75 for Yokuts , with a slightly greater number of languages represented in our sample : 24 as against 21 . 
	 3.Example sentence: It consists of a series of pipes and a pressure measuring chamber which record the rise and fall of the water surface . 
	 4.Example sentence: At 17 : 07 that afternoon ( Greenwich time ) the shock was recorded by the seismograph alarm in Honolulu . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('steal.v.01.steal')
Frequency of Synset('steal.v.01'): 20  (take without the owner's consent)
	 1.Example sentence: So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others . 
	 2.Example sentence: She thrust the envelope back in the bag ; there was no point in locking it up in the armoire now , it was like locking the barn after the horse was stolen . 
	 3.Example sentence: They caught Trig stealing liquor from the officers ' mess , and he got a couple of girls in trouble . 
	 4.Example sentence: Dice rolled , prostitutes plied their trade , thieves stole , murderers stabbed , and the ungodly blasphemed . 

Frequency of Synset('steal.v.02'): 12  (move stealthily)
	 1.Example sentence: Hence the title of the book , referring to the soldiers and subjects of the king ; on the fatal battlefield of Poltava , to quote from the novel , `` the wreath he twined for himself slipped down upon his people '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: A woman with a small boy slipped in between them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Those named in the Greek paper were manufacturing reasons to steal aft under pretence of some call of duty , so as to be near Spencer , watching an opportunity to communicate with him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then he slipped and went down on his hands and knees in the melting snow . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('significance.n.01.significance')
Frequency of Synset('significance.n.01'): 20  (the quality of being significant)
	 1.Example sentence: But have we not gone overboard in stressing their significance ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Apparently the feeling is that anything more would be involvement in technical abstrusenesses of possible pedantic interest but of no visible significance in practical affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: Linguists have not always been more enlightened than `` practical people '' and sometimes have insisted on incredibly trivial points while neglecting things of much greater significance . 
	 4.Example sentence: That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; and perhaps of even greater significance - his music is strong 20 th Century evidence of the effectiveness of Evolution , based on a broad Traditionalism for the creative art of music . 

Frequency of Synset('significance.n.02'): 12  (a meaning that is not expressly stated but can be inferred)
	 1.Example sentence: Here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are transcendent . 
	 2.Example sentence: I have chosen to use the word `` mimesis '' in its Christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which , as in the Christian mind , are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience , which are not reserved , as in the Greek mind , only to moments of theoretical reflection . 
	 3.Example sentence: The curious relationship between Holmes and Scotland Yard provides an important clue to the deeper significance of his eccentric behavior . 
	 4.Example sentence: As to relative frequencies of competing roots ( 7 - 1 vs. 4 - 4 , etc . ) , Thomas with his ' weighting ' seems to be the first to have considered the significance this might have . 

Frequency of Synset('meaning.n.01'): 47  (the message that is intended or expressed or signified)
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: In town no one paid much attention to an occasional shot ; but on the range gunfire had a meaning . 
	 3.Example sentence: Conrad 's words had intellectual meaning for him only . 
	 4.Example sentence: Given a theological lead , I asked what he thinks about those who find a religious significance to his plays . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('store.v.02.store')
Frequency of Synset('store.v.01'): 16  (keep or lay aside for future use)
	 1.Example sentence: And they can at least collect the money they put in , plus interest , when they leave the company . 
	 2.Example sentence: A location in the computer store is also named for each marked form ; dictionary information about the form stored at this location can be retrieved directly by occurrences of the form in text . 
	 3.Example sentence: The form itself is stored in the next available cells of the W-region , beginning in cell * * f . 
	 4.Example sentence: The address * * f and the number of cells required to store the form are written in * * f ; the information cell * * f is saved to represent the text occurrence . 

Frequency of Synset('store.v.02'): 11  (find a place for and put away for storage)
	 1.Example sentence: We scour literature for them ; here we find stored the wisdom of great minds . 
	 2.Example sentence: Here was stored $ 1000000 worth of bonded whisky . 
	 3.Example sentence: Food , medical supplies , utensils , and equipment , if not already stored in the shelter , must be quickly gathered up and carried into it . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the same time he started walking the streets , peering at the people passing or shopping at the stalls , storing up fresh impressions of what they looked like , how they moved . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('test.n.04.test')
Frequency of Synset('trial.n.02'): 22  (trying something to find out about it)
	 1.Example sentence: The merits of the Salk anti polio vaccine were not established on the forensic platform or in newspaper editorials , but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children . 
	 2.Example sentence: One who invites such trials of character is either foolhardy , overconfident or too simple and childlike in faith in mankind to see the danger . 
	 3.Example sentence: Tests have shown that such a device , with a fresh battery , will furnish light continuously for at least 10 days . 
	 4.Example sentence: So instead of being tests of the South 's loyalty , the Spanish War , the two World Wars , and the Korean War all served to overcome old grievances and cement reunion . 

Frequency of Synset('test.n.05'): 51  (the act of testing something)
	 1.Example sentence: All of these activities are geared to a top priority communication system , and practice tests have been held to assure that everything will work smoothly . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected meteorological conditions . 
	 4.Example sentence: Figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mars.n.01.Mars')
Frequency of Synset('mars.n.01'): 14  (a small reddish planet that is the 4th from the sun and is periodically visible to the naked eye; minerals rich in iron cover its surface and are responsible for its characteristic color)
	 1.Example sentence: Just as now anyone may hurl insults at a citizen of Mars , or even of Tikopia , and no senatorial investigation will result . 
	 2.Example sentence: The radial velocity varies inversely as the particle size - a 1000 - | m diameter particle near the orbit of Mars would reach the sun in about 60 million years . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of the remaining planets , only Mars and Saturn have been observed as radio sources , and not very much information is available . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mars has been observed twice at about 3 - cm wave length , and the intensity of the observed radiation is in reasonable agreement with the thermal radiation which might be predicted on the basis of the known temperature of Mars . 

Frequency of Synset('march.n.01'): 16  (the month following February and preceding April)
	 1.Example sentence: And now , in March , all Laos suffered a state of siege . 
	 2.Example sentence: Petitioner registered with Local Board No. 9 , Boulder , Colorado , on March 17 , 1952 . 
	 3.Example sentence: On March 21 , 1957 , however , the Department recommended approval of the 1 , - A classification . 
	 4.Example sentence: In March , 1961 , representatives of the national laboratories of Australia , Canada , The Netherlands , United Kingdom , U. S. S. R. , United States , and West Germany , met at the NBS to devise means for reaching international agreement on a temperature scale between 10 and 90 * * f . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('worry.v.02.care')
Frequency of Synset('care.v.01'): 62  (feel concern or interest)
	 1.Example sentence: Who cares about them ! 
	 2.Example sentence: He simply walked , not noticing where he was , not caring . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the end , he gets his man , but no one seems to care ; virtue is its own and only reward . 
	 4.Example sentence: The latter are either too stupid to catch the killer or too corrupt to care . 

Frequency of Synset('wish.v.02'): 107  (prefer or wish to do something)
	 1.Example sentence: `` You might as well wait here while I 'm gone , so you can use my shower if you 'd like '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course , I would like to go to an out-of-town school where there are all kinds of people , but I would want lots of Jewish kids there '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk . 

Frequency of Synset('manage.v.02'): 51  (be in charge of, act on, or dispose of)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: Present at the scene - in addition to the dead man , who was indeed Louis Thor - had been Thor 's partner Bill Blake , and Antony Rose , an advertising agency executive who handled the ZING account . 
	 4.Example sentence: If , as I suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('times.n.01.times')
Frequency of Synset('times.n.01'): 11  (a more or less definite period of time now or previously present)
	 1.Example sentence: Let his bones and his memory rest in the fifteenth century where they belong ; he is out of place in our times . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Szolds , like the Marches , enjoyed and loved living together , even in troubled times ; and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was the times , he was sure . 
	 4.Example sentence: A tongue-in-cheek stylization of 18 th Century ideas ; a trial balloon to test the aesthetic climate of the times ; a brilliant piece de resistance ? 

Frequency of Synset('time.n.01'): 195  (an instance or single occasion for some event)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Unions stress fringe benefits , but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time . 
	 4.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 

Frequency of Synset('time.n.02'): 151  (a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something)
	 1.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times , and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer . 
	 3.Example sentence: For a time the President received hundreds of them every day , most of them worthless . 
	 4.Example sentence: This agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals . 

Frequency of Synset('time.n.03'): 76  (an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities))
	 1.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whereas the eighteenth century had been a time in which man sought justice , the nineteenth and twentieth have been centuries in which men are satisfied with law . 
	 3.Example sentence: After the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king degenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous . 
	 4.Example sentence: Han 's student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent . 

Frequency of Synset('time.n.04'): 36  (a suitable moment)
	 1.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; to Brian Thayer , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker 's employ at the time of the latter 's death . 
	 3.Example sentence: Time to go , I supposed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then on Monday morning - or it might have to be Tuesday - get up and leave just the usual time , and last thing , put the money in an envelope under the old woman 's purse there in the drawer . 

Frequency of Synset('time.n.05'): 35  (the continuum of experience in which events pass from the future through the present to the past)
	 1.Example sentence: Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks . 
	 2.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 3.Example sentence: Was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed ? 
	 4.Example sentence: In the first of these sentences if by is the complement of come and Tuesday is an adjunct of time equivalent to on Tuesday , there will be strong stress on by in the spoken language ; but if a complement for come is implied and by Tuesday is a prepositional unit used as an adjunct , by will be unstressed or lightly stressed at most . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fear.v.02.fear')
Frequency of Synset('fear.v.01'): 19  (be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event)
	 1.Example sentence: But time is running out , and many of Stravinsky 's admirers begin to fear that he will never find terra firma . 
	 2.Example sentence: Those who feared `` emotionalism '' at the Trial showed less understanding than Dr. Servatius of the route by which man achieves the distance necessary for fairness toward enemies . 
	 3.Example sentence: Too many husbands , Dr. Schillinger continues , worry about `` how well they 're doing '' , and fear that their success depends on some trick or technique of sexual play . 
	 4.Example sentence: When a second quake came , they dashed back to the beach , fearing that they might be buried under landslides . 

Frequency of Synset('fear.v.02'): 18  (be afraid or scared of; be frightened of)
	 1.Example sentence: Children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one . 
	 2.Example sentence: Could the ambassador himself be the man on this side the prime minister feared ? 
	 3.Example sentence: For he feared the Lake of Fire . 
	 4.Example sentence: His religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern , and his religious faith makes possible fortitude , equanimity , and consolation , enabling him to endure colossal misfortune , fear , frustration , uncertainty , suffering , evil , and danger . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fortune.n.04.lot')
Frequency of Synset('batch.n.02'): 15  ((often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 3.Example sentence: Must have cost plenty . 
	 4.Example sentence: That was more like a thought , but not a great deal more . 

Frequency of Synset('set.n.05'): 22  (an unofficial association of people or groups)
	 1.Example sentence: Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said `` states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law governed countries . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oldenburg 's contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town 's learned , such as the pastor , to supplement the simple teaching . 
	 3.Example sentence: A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that `` they were the hardest looking set of men that Ever i saw they Looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and shavings '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a similar vein , but writing from the opposite side , Thomas Taylor , a private in the 6 th Alabama Volunteers , in a letter to his wife , stated : `` You know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe By a set of cowardly Skunks whose Motto is Booty . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('arouse.v.01.evoke')
Frequency of Synset('arouse.v.01'): 32  (call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses))
	 1.Example sentence: It was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did Byron 's Childe Harold . 
	 2.Example sentence: Initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Helen Deutsch informed us ( The Psychology of Women , Vol. 2 , , 434 ) that in all cultures `` the term ' stepmother ' automatically evokes deprecatory implications '' , a conclusion accepted by many . 
	 4.Example sentence: The threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` gouging the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of endangering relations with customers , Congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases . 

Frequency of Synset('raise.v.07'): 17  (summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic)
	 1.Example sentence: The young poet painter reproduces the French life of the streets ; he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights , and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the unconscious liberal , but not unconscious enough , to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would be the most severe reprisal , short of declared war , that the United States could invoke against Castro . 
	 4.Example sentence: William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks , it seems to me , have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected : `` For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation ) - then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification , compounding , or magnification , or any direct assault upon the affections at all . 

Frequency of Synset('suggest.v.05'): 13  (call to mind)
	 1.Example sentence: In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . 
	 2.Example sentence: The calmness and detachment of his tone suggested unawareness of how implicit was his own guilt in the words he had used to defend Cromwell . 
	 3.Example sentence: his quill drawings had a scratchiness , suggesting skin texture ; the clay he used plastically to suggest soft moving flesh , as in an abdomen , in a reclining torso ; the wax he smoothed over to give the body surface an elastic pull . 
	 4.Example sentence: Planes defined as parallel to the surface also cut through it into real space , and a depth is suggested optically which is greater than that established pictorially . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('positive.a.01.positive')
Frequency of Synset('positive.a.01'): 20  (characterized by or displaying affirmation or acceptance or certainty etc.)
	 1.Example sentence: But it is a clumsy and wasteful process : it can produce negative results but not much that is positive . 
	 2.Example sentence: Debate rid us of McCarthy but did not give us much that is positive . 
	 3.Example sentence: The most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings , both positive and negative : a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself ; a desire to avoid and repel this or that other part . 
	 4.Example sentence: In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one 's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught . 

Frequency of Synset('convinced.s.01'): 13  (persuaded of; very sure)
	 1.Example sentence: The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter . 
	 2.Example sentence: The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter . 
	 3.Example sentence: Stanley went along in life , she knew , convinced that he deserved the love and faith of no woman . 
	 4.Example sentence: They for their part are convinced that Holmes is too `` unorthodox '' and `` theoretical '' to make a good detective . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('alliance.n.02.bond')
Frequency of Synset('chemical_bond.n.01'): 15  (an electrical force linking atoms)
	 1.Example sentence: The nuclear dipole effects provide some information on the motions of the hydrogen nuclei , but the symmetry of the **f bond in **f remains in doubt . 
	 2.Example sentence: **f appeared to be well suited for the study of these matters , since it is a normal paramagnet , with three unpaired electrons on the chromium , its crystal structure is very simple , and the unknown position of the hydrogen in the strong **f bond provides structural interest . 
	 3.Example sentence: We first discuss the **f bond in **f . 
	 4.Example sentence: The information provided by the electron paramagnetic effects is then discussed , and finally the nuclear effects are interpreted in terms of various motional modified models of the **f bond in **f . 

Frequency of Synset('bond.n.02'): 13  (a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued by a government or corporation in order to raise money; the issuer is required to pay a fixed sum annually until maturity and then a fixed sum to repay the principal)
	 1.Example sentence: The Mercers took up residence in Brooklyn , and Mercer found a regular job in Wall Street `` misplacing stocks and bonds '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The final step was a vote for a $ 230000 bond issue for the construction of a sewage system by the 1959 town meeting , later confirmed by a two-thirds vote at a special town meeting June 21 , 1960 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The other bill , by Sen. A. M. Aikin Jr. of Paris , would relieve real estate brokers , who pay their own annual licensing fee , from the $ 12 annual occupation license on brokers in such as stocks and bonds . 
	 4.Example sentence: Statements by other legislators that Dallas is paying for all its water program by local bonds , and that less populous places would benefit most by the pending bill , did not sway Cotten 's attack . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('find.v.01.encounter')
Frequency of Synset('meet.v.01'): 83  (come together)
	 1.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` We '' were Bill Garrett of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; Boun My , our interpreter ; and myself . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I could n't remember where we had met . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had put on the gray jacket and the dark gray slacks and the fawn colored shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.01'): 165  (come upon, as if by accident; meet with)
	 1.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 2.Example sentence: But since 1927 , researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information . 
	 3.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('harmonize.v.01.accord')
Frequency of Synset('harmonize.v.01'): 21  (go together)
	 1.Example sentence: This accords with the study by Maier and Spinrad . 
	 2.Example sentence: When Deegan smiled his eyes never fit in with his lips . 
	 3.Example sentence: The values agree with the data from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta . 
	 4.Example sentence: The analyst is apt to be too honest to fit in . 

Frequency of Synset('accord.v.02'): 12  (allow to have)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant . 
	 2.Example sentence: Telefunken has accorded him beautiful sound , and this bargain-priced disc ( it sells for $ 2.98 ) is worthy of consideration . 
	 3.Example sentence: Before adjournment Monday afternoon , the Senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Belgian Congo was granted its independence with what seemed a workable Western-style form of government : 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('rear.v.02.bring_up')
Frequency of Synset('raise.v.07'): 17  (summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic)
	 1.Example sentence: The young poet painter reproduces the French life of the streets ; he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights , and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the unconscious liberal , but not unconscious enough , to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would be the most severe reprisal , short of declared war , that the United States could invoke against Castro . 
	 4.Example sentence: William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks , it seems to me , have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected : `` For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation ) - then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification , compounding , or magnification , or any direct assault upon the affections at all . 

Frequency of Synset('raise.v.02'): 53  (raise from a lower to a higher position)
	 1.Example sentence: Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone . 
	 3.Example sentence: Curt , angry enough to be a little reckless , raised his hands shoulder high . 
	 4.Example sentence: But as the tree passed , she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell . 

Frequency of Synset('mention.v.01'): 97  (make reference to)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the pool 's far end was the little cabana Joyce had mentioned , and on the water 's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp looking lather . 
	 4.Example sentence: These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('percentage.n.01.percentage')
Frequency of Synset('percentage.n.01'): 26  (a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred))
	 1.Example sentence: In a sample of new members of Pittsburgh churches , almost 60 per cent were recruited by initial `` contacts with friendly members '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: If we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact . 
	 3.Example sentence: The proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy ( 17.3 per cent of new members ) and friendly contacts by members ( over two thirds if organizational activities are included ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: Publicity accounted for 1.1 per cent of the initial contacts with new members . 

Frequency of Synset('share.n.01'): 44  (assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you publicized the cents per hour value of the company 's share of insurance premiums ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . 
	 4.Example sentence: Lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of New Englanders engaged in the slave trade . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('distinguish.v.01.differentiate')
Frequency of Synset('distinguish.v.01'): 29  (mark as different)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? 
	 2.Example sentence: It was , too , an optimistic philosophy , and , though it separated law from morality , it was by no means an immoral or amoral one . 
	 3.Example sentence: Man , we are told , is endowed with reason and is capable of distinguishing good from bad . 
	 4.Example sentence: What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast self enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non Jewish world . 

Frequency of Synset('distinguish.v.03'): 17  (be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense)
	 1.Example sentence: He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . 
	 2.Example sentence: The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood . 
	 3.Example sentence: This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says Pasley , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` Belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: But the most impressive testimony to Schnabel 's distinction as a teacher is reflected by the individuality which marks each student 's approach as distinctly his own . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('constitute.v.01.constitute')
Frequency of Synset('constitute.v.01'): 215  (form or compose)
	 1.Example sentence: It was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did Byron 's Childe Harold . 
	 2.Example sentence: To get it out into the daylight 's glow Is my life 's aim both first and last , the whole . 
	 3.Example sentence: That little spark is all the wealth I know , That little spark is my life 's misery '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: That little spark is all the wealth I know , That little spark is my life 's misery '' . 

Frequency of Synset('appoint.v.01'): 18  (create and charge with a task or function)
	 1.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 2.Example sentence: The first pretrial conference - held to appoint amici curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings - took place on September 25 , 1957 . 
	 3.Example sentence: I am also pleased to note that Mr. John B. Oakes , a member of the Times staff since 1946 , has been appointed as editorial page editor . 
	 4.Example sentence: if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation has been duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and has not been discharged prior to the date of payment , payment shall be made to such receiver or trustee in accordance with the order of the court ; 

Frequency of Synset('form.v.02'): 31  (to compose or represent:)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Fellowship by likeness '' and `` mission by friendly contact '' form the iron cage of denominational religion . 
	 2.Example sentence: The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead . 
	 3.Example sentence: They never troubled themselves about us while we were playing , because the fence formed such a definite boundary and `` Do n't go outside the gate '' was a command so impossible of misinterpretation . 
	 4.Example sentence: They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 . 

Frequency of Synset('establish.v.02'): 42  (set up or lay the groundwork for)
	 1.Example sentence: His purpose , however , was not to establish an empire , but to assert the principle of divine justice . 
	 2.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: At first glance this appears strange : of all people , was not America founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring `` undeveloped '' societies abroad ? 
	 4.Example sentence: At first glance this appears strange : of all people , was not America founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring `` undeveloped '' societies abroad ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('generate.v.01.generate')
Frequency of Synset('generate.v.01'): 12  (bring into existence)
	 1.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Applying the techniques developed at Harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification , we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at once . 
	 3.Example sentence: The responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function , regardless of rank . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1707 an earthquake in Japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the Inland Sea ; one wave swamped more than 1000 ships and boats in Osaka Bay . 

Frequency of Synset('render.v.04'): 25  (give or supply)
	 1.Example sentence: When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart . 
	 2.Example sentence: I 've given willful hurt to no man . 
	 3.Example sentence: A tavern , filling station , junk yard , rendering plant , or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value . 
	 4.Example sentence: The dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were : * * f This was not , of course , enough sampling to give a satisfactory description of the vertical diffusion of the aerosol . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('tons.n.01.lots')
Frequency of Synset('tons.n.01'): 16  (a large number or amount)
	 1.Example sentence: The preparations were elaborate : flowers , candles , incense sticks , rice wine , dozens of delicacies , and pieces of white cotton string . 
	 2.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 3.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 4.Example sentence: Inside the crown , stuffed behind the stained sweatband , could be seen thin , crumpled wads of currency . 

Frequency of Synset('batch.n.02'): 15  ((often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 3.Example sentence: Must have cost plenty . 
	 4.Example sentence: That was more like a thought , but not a great deal more . 

Frequency of Synset('set.n.05'): 22  (an unofficial association of people or groups)
	 1.Example sentence: Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said `` states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law governed countries . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oldenburg 's contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town 's learned , such as the pastor , to supplement the simple teaching . 
	 3.Example sentence: A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that `` they were the hardest looking set of men that Ever i saw they Looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and shavings '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a similar vein , but writing from the opposite side , Thomas Taylor , a private in the 6 th Alabama Volunteers , in a letter to his wife , stated : `` You know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe By a set of cowardly Skunks whose Motto is Booty . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('child.n.01.kid')
Frequency of Synset('child.n.01'): 199  (a young person of either sex)
	 1.Example sentence: A dominant motive is the poet 's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 3.Example sentence: If a child had a single drop of Negro blood , he would revert to the ancestral line which , except as slaves under a superior race , had not made one step of progress in 3000 years . 
	 4.Example sentence: Children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one . 

Frequency of Synset('child.n.02'): 60  (a human offspring (son or daughter) of any age)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: But fathers often addressed communications to their small children ; and these , full of homely advice , are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters . 
	 3.Example sentence: They look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or eleven thousand villages , with an average of 200 souls . 
	 4.Example sentence: It takes place in the household , a rite of well wishing for myriad occasions - for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the New Year , for any good purpose . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('impart.v.01.impart')
Frequency of Synset('impart.v.01'): 23  (transmit (knowledge or skills))
	 1.Example sentence: Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; they read every book that they could borrow in the village . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Pat had never pretended to give advice in such affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , a growing intellectual sophistication and the new certitudes imparted by courses in psychology and anthropology make the students increasingly critical of their somewhat provincial and overprotective parents . 
	 4.Example sentence: And the school newspaper sells space to jubilant fraternities , sororities , and houses ( in the House Plan Association ) that have good news to impart . 

Frequency of Synset('lend.v.01'): 56  (bestow a quality on)
	 1.Example sentence: As a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion . 
	 2.Example sentence: This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design . 
	 3.Example sentence: They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition . 

Frequency of Synset('impart.v.03'): 11  (transmit or serve as the medium for transmission)
	 1.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Information beyond nearest neighbor is carried second - , third - , and fourth hand as a distortable rumor . 
	 3.Example sentence: Questions and , particularly , exclamations are usually channeled along informal , horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor . 
	 4.Example sentence: Questions and , particularly , exclamations are usually channeled along informal , horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('pressure.n.02.pressure')
Frequency of Synset('pressure.n.01'): 65  (the force applied to a unit area of surface; measured in pascals (SI unit) or in dynes (cgs unit))
	 1.Example sentence: In one of these , an exploding wire device to study systems thermodynamically up to 6000 * * f and 100 atmospheres pressure , a major goal was achieved . 
	 2.Example sentence: It has also been observed , in helium 2 , , that large discrepancies can exist between surface vapor pressures and those pressures measured by a vapor pressure thermometer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Precise pressure volume temperature measurements on corrosive gases are dependent on a sensitive yet rugged pressure transducer . 
	 4.Example sentence: Precise pressure volume temperature measurements on corrosive gases are dependent on a sensitive yet rugged pressure transducer . 

Frequency of Synset('pressure.n.02'): 29  (a force that compels)
	 1.Example sentence: Under pressure from parents , the majority of Brooklyn College girls major in education since that co-ordinates best with marriage plans - limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours . 
	 2.Example sentence: One is that they were established , or gained eminence , under pressure provided by these same immigrants , from whom the old families wished to segregate their children . 
	 3.Example sentence: That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; and perhaps of even greater significance - his music is strong 20 th Century evidence of the effectiveness of Evolution , based on a broad Traditionalism for the creative art of music . 
	 4.Example sentence: Until recently , art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('best.r.01.best')
Frequency of Synset('best.r.01'): 14  (in a most excellent way or manner)
	 1.Example sentence: Under pressure from parents , the majority of Brooklyn College girls major in education since that co-ordinates best with marriage plans - limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours . 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you carefully examined the selling techniques which best suit your products ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In your sales force , will a smaller number of higher-priced , high quality salesmen serve you best , or can you make out better with a larger number of lower paid salesmen ? 
	 4.Example sentence: The growing communications needs of this new State can best be met , as they have in other States , through the operation and development of such facilities by private enterprise . 

Frequency of Synset('well.r.01'): 77  ((often used as a combining form) in a good or proper or satisfactory manner or to a high standard (`good' is a nonstandard dialectal variant for `well'))
	 1.Example sentence: Oersted 's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: Seemingly , with an unrestricted flow of ideas , all will be well , and we are even assured that `` an idea a day will keep the sheriff away '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Grudges simply do not keep that well in a sane mind . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You talk so well , Carla '' , he went on . 

Frequency of Synset('well.r.02'): 30  (thoroughly or completely; fully; often used as a combining form; ; ; ; ; ,)
	 1.Example sentence: He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm . 
	 2.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 3.Example sentence: Jackson runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader . 
	 4.Example sentence: Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in My own Mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' . 

Frequency of Synset('well.r.03'): 16  (indicating high probability; in all likelihood)
	 1.Example sentence: Arthur Williams 's might well have been included , he felt . 
	 2.Example sentence: This we might well witness '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated . 
	 4.Example sentence: In such circumstances , it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an increase in the basic wage rate . 

Frequency of Synset('well.r.07'): 11  (to a great extent or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: Her estate had grown considerably . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is substantially higher than the figures for the American population at large - 45.6 per cent for males and 29.2 per cent for females . 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , however , the timetable of travel lags considerably behind that of the student at Harvard or Smith . 
	 4.Example sentence: The detection and study of such line spectra would add considerably to present information on interstellar gas clouds and , perhaps , planetary atmospheres . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('news.n.02.news')
Frequency of Synset('news.n.01'): 20  (information about recent and important events)
	 1.Example sentence: When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth , England , in the fall of 1609 , word of Hudson 's findings leaked out , and English interest in him revived . 
	 2.Example sentence: The State cops would check from time to time ; pass word when there was word to pass . 
	 3.Example sentence: The State cops would check from time to time ; pass word when there was word to pass . 
	 4.Example sentence: Weigand tossed this news into the centrifuge . 

Frequency of Synset('news.n.02'): 16  (information reported in a newspaper or news magazine)
	 1.Example sentence: And the school newspaper sells space to jubilant fraternities , sororities , and houses ( in the House Plan Association ) that have good news to impart . 
	 2.Example sentence: He then got a job with the Chicago Herald-Examiner as a circulation slugger , a rough fighter employed to see that his paper 's news pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors . 
	 3.Example sentence: is George reads the news emotionally , dominant stress may or may not be on the adjunct emotionally . 
	 4.Example sentence: Proposed property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through SBA regional news releases , and by `` flyers '' directed to the small business concerns . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('betrothal.n.01.engagement')
Frequency of Synset('battle.n.01'): 18  (a hostile meeting of opposing military forces in the course of a war)
	 1.Example sentence: The first half of The Charles Men , ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709 , is more dramatically coherent than the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus at the same time that William Henry Harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe , Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier . 

Frequency of Synset('engagement.n.07'): 17  (the act of sharing in the activities of a group)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you audited your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Apparently the feeling is that anything more would be involvement in technical abstrusenesses of possible pedantic interest but of no visible significance in practical affairs . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('explode.v.01.explode')
Frequency of Synset('explode.v.01'): 14  (cause to burst with a violent release of energy)
	 1.Example sentence: In one of these , an exploding wire device to study systems thermodynamically up to 6000 * * f and 100 atmospheres pressure , a major goal was achieved . 
	 2.Example sentence: The accuracy of measuring the total electrical energy entering an exploding wire during a few microseconds was verified when two independent types of comparison with the heat energy produced had an uncertainty of less than 2 percent . 
	 3.Example sentence: Using Edgerton 's method , the fast closing action is obtained from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires . 
	 4.Example sentence: Only one of the flight scored a direct hit and the rest blew up jungle . 

Frequency of Synset('explode.v.02'): 11  (burst outward, usually with noise)
	 1.Example sentence: The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . 
	 2.Example sentence: They were already swollen to bursting . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pale yellow snapdragons that by pinching could be made to bite ; seed-pods of the balsams that snapped like fire-crackers at a touch ; red and yellow columbines whose round tipped spurs were picked off and eaten for the honey in them ; morning-glory buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a blown-up paper bag ; bright flowers from the trumpet vine that made `` gloves '' on the ends of ten waggling fingers . 
	 4.Example sentence: Where it is not actually erupting , it rumbles and smolders in sullen resentment like a volcano , ready to explode at any moment . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('insert.v.01.insert')
Frequency of Synset('insert.v.01'): 13  (put or introduce into something)
	 1.Example sentence: The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . 
	 2.Example sentence: The last two writers introduce strong political bias into their works , and not unlike the union leaders that we will discuss soon , see folklore as a reservoir of protest by a downtrodden and publically silenced mass . 
	 3.Example sentence: The anode plug ( Figure 2 ) was inserted into a carbon anode holder . 
	 4.Example sentence: This meant , concretely , that the patient could not read at all without making writing like movements of the head or body , became easily confused by `` hasher marks '' inserted between hand-written words and thus confused the mark for one of the letters , and could recognize a simple straight line or a curved one only by tracing it . 

Frequency of Synset('insert.v.02'): 14  (introduce)
	 1.Example sentence: There are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef cattle : ( 1 ) Fence-line bunks - cattle eat from one side while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by self unloading wagons ; ( 2 ) Mechanized bunks - they sit within the feed lot , are filled by a mechanical conveyor above feeding surface ; ( 3 ) Special bunks - as discussed here , they permit cattle to eat from all sides . 
	 2.Example sentence: Feed is put in with an elevator . 
	 3.Example sentence: It uses both an ultrasonic dimensioning arrangement of the heart and a catheter carrying a thermistor inserted into the bloodstream . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer , mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart 's left ventricle , to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('part.n.02.portion')
Frequency of Synset('part.n.01'): 135  (something determined in relation to something that includes it)
	 1.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: A man has 32 souls , one for each part of the body . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board . 

Frequency of Synset('part.n.02'): 27  (something less than the whole of a human artifact)
	 1.Example sentence: A high-speed shutter has been developed in order to permit photographic observation of any portion of the electrical wire explosion . 
	 2.Example sentence: The shutter consists of two parts : a fast opening part and a fast closing part . 
	 3.Example sentence: The shutter consists of two parts : a fast opening part and a fast closing part . 
	 4.Example sentence: The shutter consists of two parts : a fast opening part and a fast closing part . 

Frequency of Synset('share.n.01'): 44  (assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you publicized the cents per hour value of the company 's share of insurance premiums ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities ? 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . 
	 4.Example sentence: Lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of New Englanders engaged in the slave trade . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('smaller.s.01.smaller')
Frequency of Synset('smaller.s.01'): 32  (small or little relative to something else)
	 1.Example sentence: The shutter aperture may be made larger or smaller by changing the foil area and adjusting the electrical energy input to the foil . 
	 2.Example sentence: - to lunge anxiously through crowded streets to railroad stations and , at odd hours of night , drive from smaller stations to distant homes , probably through rain or , in November , something worse . 
	 3.Example sentence: The inventory of tones is much smaller , and commonly the contrasts range along one single dimension , pitch level . 
	 4.Example sentence: The difficulty of analysis of any subsystem in the phonology is an inverse function of the size - smaller systems are more troublesome - for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity . 

Frequency of Synset('small.a.01'): 296  (limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: On April 17 , 1610 , the sturdy little three masted bark , Discovery , weighed anchor in St. Katherine's Pool , London , and floated down the Thames toward the sea . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1602 , George Waymouth , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . 
	 3.Example sentence: As Hudson resumed his desperate criss-crossing of the little bay , every incident lessened the crew 's respect for him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 

Frequency of Synset('minor.s.10'): 12  (limited in size or scope)
	 1.Example sentence: Even the officer in charge , be it a captain ( for small display ) or a general , is restrained by monitoring . 
	 2.Example sentence: Among us , we three handled quite a few small commissions , from spot drawings for advertising agencies uptown to magazine work and quick lettering jobs . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a district of small factories and loft buildings and occasional tenements , and he could see the police radio car as he rounded the corner and slammed on the brakes . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was some idle talk , a listless discussion of this or that small happening during the day 's drive . 

Frequency of Synset('little.s.03'): 20  ((of children and animals) young, immature)
	 1.Example sentence: But fathers often addressed communications to their small children ; and these , full of homely advice , are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters . 
	 2.Example sentence: A woman with a small boy slipped in between them . 
	 3.Example sentence: I mean something more like Freud 's concept of the utility of `` play '' to a small child : he plays `` house '' or `` doctor '' or `` fireman '' as a way of mastering slightly frightening experiences , reliving them imaginatively until they are under control . 
	 4.Example sentence: Conchita kept an eye on the twins and little Elena , trying to keep them from falling into the creek by which they persisted in playing . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('atom.n.01.atom')
Frequency of Synset('atom.n.01'): 19  ((physics and chemistry) the smallest component of an element having the chemical properties of the element)
	 1.Example sentence: Besides the well-known hydrogen line at 21 cm wavelength , the spectra of extraterrestrial radio sources may contain sharp lines characteristic of other atoms , ions , and small molecules . 
	 2.Example sentence: Under this assumption the space group must be **f and the following are the positions of the atoms in the unit cell . 
	 3.Example sentence: These data lead to a structure in which sheets of Cr atoms lie between two sheets of O atoms . 
	 4.Example sentence: These data lead to a structure in which sheets of Cr atoms lie between two sheets of O atoms . 

Frequency of Synset('atom.n.02'): 34  ((nontechnical usage) a tiny piece of anything)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Many minute hemorrhages in the lungs ; particles of lint and thread in the mouth and nostrils . 
	 2.Example sentence: The paramagnetic dipole effects provide some information on the particle shapes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Electron microscopic examination of the **f sample showed it to be composed of nearly isotropic particles about 0.3 lm in diameter . 
	 4.Example sentence: The particles appeared rough and undoubtedly the single crystal domains are smaller than this . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('gas.n.01.gas')
Frequency of Synset('gas.n.01'): 15  (the state of matter distinguished from the solid and liquid states by: relatively low density and viscosity; relatively great expansion and contraction with changes in pressure and temperature; the ability to diffuse readily; and the spontaneous tendency to become distributed uniformly throughout any container)
	 1.Example sentence: The detection and study of such line spectra would add considerably to present information on interstellar gas clouds and , perhaps , planetary atmospheres . 
	 2.Example sentence: Very small concentrations of these hydrides should be detectable ; in interstellar gas , concentrations as low as * * f molecules / * * f may be sufficient , as compared to the * * f hydrogen atoms * * f required for detection of the 21 - cm line . 
	 3.Example sentence: Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 * * f , with an uncertainty of 0.10 * * f . 
	 4.Example sentence: The efforts and accomplishments fall into three main categories : absolute thermometry based upon the velocity of sound in helium gas , secondary thermometry involving principally studies of the behavior of germanium resistors , and helium 4 vapor-pressure measurements ( see p. 144 ) . 

Frequency of Synset('gas.n.02'): 13  (a fluid in the gaseous state having neither independent shape nor volume and being able to expand indefinitely)
	 1.Example sentence: An acoustical interferometer has been constructed and used , with helium gas as the thermometric fluid , to measure temperatures near 4.2 and 2.1 * * f . 
	 2.Example sentence: The photochemical reaction cells consisted of 10 mm. i.d. Pyrex tubing , 5.5 cm. long , diffraction effects being minimized by the fact that the light passed through only liquid glass interfaces and not gas glass interfaces . 
	 3.Example sentence: Experiments were made on an electric arc applying a porous graphite anode cooled by a transpiring gas ( Argon ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: The dependence of the arc voltage upon the mass flow velocity of the transpirating gas was investigated for various arc lengths and currents between 100 Amp and 200 Amp . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('cloud.n.01.cloud')
Frequency of Synset('cloud.n.01'): 11  (any collection of particles (e.g., smoke or dust) or gases that is visible)
	 1.Example sentence: The detection and study of such line spectra would add considerably to present information on interstellar gas clouds and , perhaps , planetary atmospheres . 
	 2.Example sentence: An important operational procedure in BW for an enemy would be to create an aerosol or cloud of agent over the target area . 
	 3.Example sentence: Neutral or inversion meteorological conditions are necessary for a cloud to travel along the surface . 
	 4.Example sentence: Something of the behavior of clouds of small particles can be illustrated by the following field trials : 

Frequency of Synset('cloud.n.02'): 15  (a visible mass of water or ice particles suspended at a considerable altitude)
	 1.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them - heavy , ominous , leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them - heavy , ominous , leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had never seen clouds like them before , but he had the primitive feel of danger that gripped a man before a hurricane in Carolina . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('low.a.01.low')
Frequency of Synset('low.a.01'): 55  (less than normal in degree or intensity or amount)
	 1.Example sentence: Very small concentrations of these hydrides should be detectable ; in interstellar gas , concentrations as low as * * f molecules / * * f may be sufficient , as compared to the * * f hydrogen atoms * * f required for detection of the 21 - cm line . 
	 2.Example sentence: His long nose wiggled at the smells of frizzling bacon and heating java , but the fire was low , and he wanted to waste no time . 
	 3.Example sentence: In your sales force , will a smaller number of higher-priced , high quality salesmen serve you best , or can you make out better with a larger number of lower paid salesmen ? 
	 4.Example sentence: If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ? 

Frequency of Synset('low.a.02'): 19  (literal meanings; being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension)
	 1.Example sentence: They looked at the ruins of the old Roman wall on the lower Via Veneto , then they went to the Farnese Gardens . 
	 2.Example sentence: An inch lower and it would have knocked him out . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a long , low room , like a root cellar , for it was banked up with soil , and vines had run rampant over that , too . 
	 4.Example sentence: The low clouds made bombing difficult . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('frequency.n.01.frequency')
Frequency of Synset('frequency.n.01'): 12  (the number of occurrences within a given time period)
	 1.Example sentence: High sensitivity in radio telescopes is achieved by reducing the bandwidth of the receiver ; therefore , only with precise foreknowledge of the line frequencies is an astronomical search for the radio spectra of these molecules feasible . 
	 2.Example sentence: To secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started . 
	 3.Example sentence: Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 * * f , with an uncertainty of 0.10 * * f . 
	 4.Example sentence: Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 * * f , with an uncertainty of 0.10 * * f . 

Frequency of Synset('frequency.n.02'): 11  (the ratio of the number of observations in a statistical category to the total number of observations)
	 1.Example sentence: Thomas also presents a simple equation for deriving an index of persistence , which weights not only the number of stems ( ' roots ' ) per meaning , but their relative frequency . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus his persistence values for some stem frequencies per meaning is : stem identical in 8 languages , 100 % ; stem frequencies 7 and 1 , 86 % ; stem frequencies 4 and 4 , 64 % ; stem frequencies 4 , 3 , and 1 , 57 % . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus his persistence values for some stem frequencies per meaning is : stem identical in 8 languages , 100 % ; stem frequencies 7 and 1 , 86 % ; stem frequencies 4 and 4 , 64 % ; stem frequencies 4 , 3 , and 1 , 57 % . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus his persistence values for some stem frequencies per meaning is : stem identical in 8 languages , 100 % ; stem frequencies 7 and 1 , 86 % ; stem frequencies 4 and 4 , 64 % ; stem frequencies 4 , 3 , and 1 , 57 % . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('transition.n.03.transition')
Frequency of Synset('passage.n.01'): 16  (the act of passing from one state or place to the next)
	 1.Example sentence: Two data centers have been established for the collection , indexing , critical evaluation , and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections . 
	 2.Example sentence: Under the sponsorship of the Office of Naval Research and the Advanced Research Projects Agency , a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition probabilities . 
	 3.Example sentence: A wall stabilized high current arc source was constructed and used to study transition probabilities of atomic hydrogen and oxygen . 
	 4.Example sentence: This apparatus will also be used to measure transition probabilities of a large number of other elements . 

Frequency of Synset('conversion.n.01'): 12  (an event that results in a transformation)
	 1.Example sentence: study methods for the recovery and marketing of commercially valuable byproducts resulting from the conversion of saline water ; and undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purposes in various parts of the United States by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods . 
	 2.Example sentence: foster and participate in regional , national , and international conferences relating to saline water conversion ; 
	 3.Example sentence: coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; and cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Strategy and tactics of the U. S. military forces are now undergoing one of the greatest transitions in history . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('identify.v.01.identify')
Frequency of Synset('identify.v.01'): 34  (recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something)
	 1.Example sentence: Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 * * f , with an uncertainty of 0.10 * * f . 
	 2.Example sentence: It seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them , could place them , it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla . 
	 3.Example sentence: Elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas in order to identify sufficient numbers of local job vacancies and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills . 
	 4.Example sentence: It would have been easy to identify as opium by its odor . 

Frequency of Synset('name.v.02'): 13  (give the name or identifying characteristics of; refer to by name or some other identifying characteristic property)
	 1.Example sentence: If anti-Semitism was on trial in Jerusalem , why was it not identified , and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press , in its connection with the activities of Eichmann 's Department of Jewish Affairs , as exemplified by the betrayal and murder of Jews by non police and non-party anti-Semites in Germany , as well as in Poland , Czechoslovakia , Hungary ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Some of them came from people who identified themselves . 
	 3.Example sentence: Those named in the Greek paper were manufacturing reasons to steal aft under pretence of some call of duty , so as to be near Spencer , watching an opportunity to communicate with him . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` There is a man named Grabski who is the foreman in charge of the bricklayers at Majdanek . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('deduce.v.01.derive')
Frequency of Synset('deduce.v.01'): 34  (reason by deduction; establish by deduction)
	 1.Example sentence: He inferred that Hohlbein and Garth were high-priced lawyers . 
	 2.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 
	 3.Example sentence: Part 2 , discusses the operation of the model and derives some significant conclusions . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thomas also presents a simple equation for deriving an index of persistence , which weights not only the number of stems ( ' roots ' ) per meaning , but their relative frequency . 

Frequency of Synset('derive.v.02'): 35  (obtain)
	 1.Example sentence: I lived in this onward driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Declaration of Independence says that `` governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation . 
	 4.Example sentence: He was also at the same time gaining practical experience as a safe breaker and highwayman , and learning how to shoot to kill from a Neanderthal convicted murderer named Gene Geary , later committed to Chester Asylum as a homicidal maniac , but whose eyes misted with tears when the young Dion sang a ballad about an Irish mother in his clear and syrupy tenor . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('film.n.04.film')
Frequency of Synset('movie.n.01'): 41  (a form of entertainment that enacts a story by sound and a sequence of images giving the illusion of continuous movement)
	 1.Example sentence: Dinner and the movies had been fine . 
	 2.Example sentence: They know from their researches into television and the movies that knights in the middle ages had beautiful flowing haircuts like Little Lord Fauntleroy , and only the villains had beards . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the end , I did the same old picture , the naked girl and the guy in the doorway , only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy , gave him a sword instead of a pistol , and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie . 
	 4.Example sentence: The film they did after his return was an inconsequential bit of nothing titled Out of This World , a satire on the Sinatra bobby-soxer craze . 

Frequency of Synset('film.n.02'): 17  (a medium that disseminates moving pictures)
	 1.Example sentence: Also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was required . 
	 2.Example sentence: Of the two , Porter is justly the better known , for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first step toward fashioning a language of film , toward making the motion picture the intricate , efficient time machine that it has remained since , even in the most inept hands . 
	 3.Example sentence: Melies , however , out of his professional instincts as a magician , discovered and made use of a number of illusionary techniques that remain part of the vocabulary of film . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a series of fairy tales and fantasies , Melies demonstrated that the film is superbly equipped to tell a straightforward story , with beginning , middle and end , complications , resolutions , climaxes , and conclusions . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('design.n.02.design')
Frequency of Synset('design.n.01'): 13  (the act of working out the form of something (as by making a sketch or outline or plan))
	 1.Example sentence: As a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion . 
	 2.Example sentence: in his motherland ; in the spacious hunting grounds of `` Uncle Sam '' ; in the exciting salons of his lovely , brilliant Paris - mistress of gaiety - excess and abandon - world theatre of new found freedoms in tone , color , dance , design , and thought . 
	 3.Example sentence: Good service starts with product design and planning : 
	 4.Example sentence: And like this English master , Mason realizes his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem effortless , are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them . 

Frequency of Synset('design.n.02'): 22  (an arrangement scheme)
	 1.Example sentence: In this case also the design of the thermometer can be modified to reduce the helium film flow . 
	 2.Example sentence: The design of orthographies has received much less attention from linguists than the problem deserves . 
	 3.Example sentence: This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design . 
	 4.Example sentence: We need many more studies of this sort if the design of written languages is to be put on a sound basis . 

Frequency of Synset('design.n.04'): 11  (a decorative or artistic work)
	 1.Example sentence: Square corner - and gate posts were an open-work pattern of cast-iron foliage ; they were topped by steeples complete in every detail : high pitched roof , pinnacle , and narrow gable . 
	 2.Example sentence: What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration , integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form ; color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; and that over all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the artist would study his work more thoroughly and move certain units in his design , often only slightly , finer pictures would result . 
	 4.Example sentence: These areas by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . 

Frequency of Synset('purpose.n.01'): 94  (an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions)
	 1.Example sentence: The purpose of this fourth voyage was clear . 
	 2.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: His purpose , however , was not to establish an empire , but to assert the principle of divine justice . 
	 4.Example sentence: His plan and intent were clearly charted . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('modify.v.01.modify')
Frequency of Synset('modify.v.01'): 17  (make less severe or harsh or extreme)
	 1.Example sentence: In this case also the design of the thermometer can be modified to reduce the helium film flow . 
	 2.Example sentence: That is to say Gabriel 's fundamental law had been so much modified by this time that it was neither fundamental nor law any more . 
	 3.Example sentence: Two very useful ways for modifying a form dictionary are the addition to the dictionary of complete paradigms rather than single forms and the application of a single change to more than one dictionary form . 
	 4.Example sentence: The latter is useful for modifying information about some or all forms of a word , hence reducing the work required to improve dictionary contents . 

Frequency of Synset('change.v.01'): 80  (cause to change; make different; cause a transformation)
	 1.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Codification was followed in all countries by a growing amount of legislation , some changing and adjusting the older law , much dealing with entirely new situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('apart.r.01.apart')
Frequency of Synset('apart.r.01'): 15  (separated or at a distance in place or position or time)
	 1.Example sentence: A small pressure unbalance displaces the diaphragm and changes the capacitance between the diaphragm and an electrically insulated plate spaced 0.001 in. apart ( for * * f ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart . 
	 3.Example sentence: When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart . 
	 4.Example sentence: When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart . 

Frequency of Synset('apart.r.02'): 14  (not taken into account or excluded from consideration)
	 1.Example sentence: But aside from everything else , it would scarcely be pleasant to have dealings with one who was nominally an underling and actually held - you could say - the whip hand . 
	 2.Example sentence: In spite of the shading of one type of course into another , I believe it is useful to talk about vocational courses as apart from academic courses . 
	 3.Example sentence: Aside from the fact that business was slow this time of year and his one salesgirl was not the most enterprising , Mr. Phillips had no worries at all , and he said as much to Gun Matson , who sat across from him in civilian clothes , on a Jiffy-Couch-a-Bed , mauve velour , $ 79.89 nothing down special ! 
	 4.Example sentence: The latter plays a prominent role in Roman Catholic theology and is considered decisive , entirely apart from Scripture , in determining the ethical character of birth-prevention methods . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('prevent.v.02.prevent')
Frequency of Synset('prevent.v.01'): 69  (keep from happening or arising; make impossible)
	 1.Example sentence: To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority , Calhoun developed his theory of `` concurrent majority '' , which , he said , `` by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government , a negative on the others , prevents all partial or local legislation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was a light in Black 's front room , but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior . 
	 3.Example sentence: To forestall any change of allegiance , the Democrats hastily organised a testimonial banquet for O ' Banion , as public reward for his past services and as a reminder of where his loyalties lay . 
	 4.Example sentence: Upon which the detective bureau despatched rifle squads to prevent trouble if O ' Banion should send his gunmen out to deal with the hijacking policemen . 

Frequency of Synset('prevent.v.02'): 58  (stop (someone or something) from doing something or being in a certain state)
	 1.Example sentence: I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . 
	 2.Example sentence: Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit . 
	 3.Example sentence: But that did not prevent him from writing more long letters , or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable , lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street . 
	 4.Example sentence: Gun set the captain 's fifth of Hiram Walker inside the safe before he reported to Lt. Killpath , though he knew that Killpath 's ulcer prevented him from making any untoward incursion on Herman Wolff 's gift . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('resolution.n.06.resolution')
Frequency of Synset('resolution.n.01'): 12  (a formal expression by a meeting; agreed to by a vote)
	 1.Example sentence: The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the Secretary or the President , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference , a speech by a Senator or Congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad , et cetera , ad infinitum . 
	 2.Example sentence: A House committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report , although the resolution faces hard sledding later . 
	 3.Example sentence: Schley County Rep. B. D. Pelham will offer a resolution Monday in the House to rescind the body 's action of Friday in voting itself a $ 10 per day increase in expense allowances . 
	 4.Example sentence: While emphasizing that technical details were not fully worked out , Pelham said his resolution would seek to set aside the privilege resolution which the House voted through 87 - 31 . 

Frequency of Synset('solution.n.02'): 52  (a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem)
	 1.Example sentence: This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , he continued experimenting and lecturing , publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals . 
	 3.Example sentence: For answers to such questions we must turn to the anthropologists , the biologists , the historians , the psychologists , and the sociologists . 
	 4.Example sentence: Pam found she had no answers ; had only a hope . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('evaluation.n.02.evaluation')
Frequency of Synset('evaluation.n.01'): 11  (act of ascertaining or fixing the value or worth of)
	 1.Example sentence: School principals and guidance workers made ratings of the various neighborhoods and the research team made independent observations of houses and dwelling areas . 
	 2.Example sentence: The rating scale of compulsivity was constructed by first perusing the interview records , categorizing all evidence related to compulsivity , then arranging a distribution of such information apart from the case records . 
	 3.Example sentence: Final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the discovered norms . 
	 4.Example sentence: Analysis means the evaluation of subparts , the comparative ratings of parts , the comprehension of the meaning of isolated elements . 

Frequency of Synset('evaluation.n.02'): 12  (an appraisal of the value of something)
	 1.Example sentence: Two data centers have been established for the collection , indexing , critical evaluation , and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections . 
	 2.Example sentence: The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood . 
	 3.Example sentence: These examples underscore the importance of even more searching evaluations of new major development programs and even more penetrating and far ranging analyses of the potentialities of future technology . 
	 4.Example sentence: The two ratings yield a correlation of + .04 , which is not significantly different from zero ; therefore , we have measured two different characteristics . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('calculate.v.01.calculate')
Frequency of Synset('calculate.v.01'): 24  (make a mathematical calculation or computation)
	 1.Example sentence: The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density . 
	 2.Example sentence: A study of the hydrogen line profiles indicates that a measurement of these profiles can be used to calculate a temperature for the arc plasma that is reliable to about * * f percent . 
	 3.Example sentence: Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which , properly handled , would , he had assured him , turn into a workbench . 
	 4.Example sentence: When an occurrence * * f is isolated during text reading , a random memory address * * f , the address of a cell in the X-region , is computed from the form of * * f . 

Frequency of Synset('calculate.v.02'): 36  (judge to be probable)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . 
	 2.Example sentence: The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close . 
	 3.Example sentence: I mean , we all figured - I guess anybody 'd figure - Angie '' - 
	 4.Example sentence: I mean , we all figured - I guess anybody 'd figure - Angie '' - 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('delight.v.02.delight')
Frequency of Synset('please.v.01'): 20  (give pleasure to or be pleasing to)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I do n't mind at all '' , he said , delighted with her attention . 
	 2.Example sentence: This further demonstration of O ' Banion 's ballooning power did not please Torrio and Capone . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the acting captain wanted his acting lieutenant to sit on his ass around the station all night , Killpath would just have to go out and drag Gun back by the heels once an hour ; because he 'd be damned if he was going to be a mid-watch pencil-pusher just to please his ulcerated pro-tem captain . 
	 4.Example sentence: To please her , her husband assumed some of the domestic chores . 

Frequency of Synset('delight.v.02'): 12  (take delight in)
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; there is a struggle there , in which , if he falls , it is easy for him to rise again , there is freedom of utterance there , which draws after it no irreparable consequences on society . 
	 3.Example sentence: Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and - especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair - into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . 
	 4.Example sentence: He thought how this dainty , fragile older woman threading her way through the streets of Westminster on a day in June , enjoying the flowers in the shops , the greetings from old friends , but never really drawing a deep , passionate breath , was so like himself . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('identical.s.02.very')
Frequency of Synset('very.s.01'): 19  (precisely as stated)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it not ironical that Roger Williams 's state , Rhode Island , should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Here , this happy , roving son of good fortune proved that he could accept the disciplines of a new social economic order fighting for its very existence and ideals in a truculent world . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` How could the mess be admitted , because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to be '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: `` How could the mess be admitted , because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to be '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('identical.s.02'): 23  (being the exact same one; not any other:)
	 1.Example sentence: The very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts ; usually , this is most exasperating to men , who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly . 
	 2.Example sentence: And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus his persistence values for some stem frequencies per meaning is : stem identical in 8 languages , 100 % ; stem frequencies 7 and 1 , 86 % ; stem frequencies 4 and 4 , 64 % ; stem frequencies 4 , 3 , and 1 , 57 % . 
	 4.Example sentence: Even in the very area where the shooting had been done , cattle were still disappearing . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('trial.n.02.trial')
Frequency of Synset('test.n.05'): 51  (the act of testing something)
	 1.Example sentence: All of these activities are geared to a top priority communication system , and practice tests have been held to assure that everything will work smoothly . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected meteorological conditions . 
	 4.Example sentence: Figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial . 

Frequency of Synset('trial.n.02'): 22  (trying something to find out about it)
	 1.Example sentence: The merits of the Salk anti polio vaccine were not established on the forensic platform or in newspaper editorials , but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children . 
	 2.Example sentence: One who invites such trials of character is either foolhardy , overconfident or too simple and childlike in faith in mankind to see the danger . 
	 3.Example sentence: Tests have shown that such a device , with a fresh battery , will furnish light continuously for at least 10 days . 
	 4.Example sentence: So instead of being tests of the South 's loyalty , the Spanish War , the two World Wars , and the Korean War all served to overcome old grievances and cement reunion . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('entertain.v.01.entertain')
Frequency of Synset('entertain.v.01'): 24  (provide entertainment for)
	 1.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 2.Example sentence: ( Several times recently I have wondered whether shows were being staged for the sake of the script or just to entertain the audience with the spectacle of scenery being shifted right in front of their eyes . 
	 3.Example sentence: I decided I hated the Pedersen kid too , dying in our kitchen while I was away where I could n't watch , dying just to entertain Hans and making me go up snapping steps and down a drafty hall , Pa lumped under the covers at the end like dung covered with snow , snoring and whistling . 
	 4.Example sentence: They assured him that they did not expect or need to be entertained . 

Frequency of Synset('harbor.v.01'): 22  (maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings))
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: In one debate he supported the freedom of judgment as opposed to dogma , in another he held that the practice of science was in fact an act of religious worship . 
	 3.Example sentence: Today , the Roman Catholic and Orthodox Churches stand virtually alone in holding that conviction . 
	 4.Example sentence: The general board declared : `` Most of the Protestant churches hold contraception and periodic continence to be morally right when the motives are right . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('interested.a.01.interested')
Frequency of Synset('interested.a.01'): 22  (having or showing interest; especially curiosity or fascination or concern)
	 1.Example sentence: Besides , Miss Henrietta - as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a chignon in the back - had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing ; so Cyrus Adler became interested in her friend Racie Friedenwald , and Joe Jastrow - the only young man who when he wrote had the temerity to address her as Henrietta , and signed himself Joe - fell in love with pretty sister Rachel . 
	 2.Example sentence: This included Mamma , jolly , generous , and pretty , with whom they all fell in love , just as Papa had first fallen in love with her Mamma before he chose her ; and when a young man like Morris Jastrow had enjoyed the Szold hospitality , he felt obliged to send his respects and his gifts not merely to Henrietta , in whom he was really interested , but to all the Szold girls and Mamma . 
	 3.Example sentence: coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; and cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Third , the significance of the vocational courses is that those enrolled are keenly interested in the work ; they realize the relevance of what they are learning to their future careers , and this sense of purpose is carried over to the academic courses which they are studying at the same time . 

Frequency of Synset('concerned.s.02'): 13  (involved in or affected by or having a claim to or share in)
	 1.Example sentence: The fullest cooperation by and with Atomic Energy Commission , the Department of Health Education and Welfare , the Department of State , and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this Act . 
	 2.Example sentence: The industry with which this model is concerned is a basic industry , producing a substantial share of gross national product . 
	 3.Example sentence: We are concerned with aggregate demand for the industry 's product . 
	 4.Example sentence: An idea , let us say , may be roughly defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('absorb.v.09.engage')
Frequency of Synset('prosecute.v.03'): 39  (carry out or participate in an activity; be involved in)
	 1.Example sentence: Eager as he was to pursue this promising line , he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and pharmaceutical faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to `` galvanizing '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Its contents are another matter , for they reveal the kinds of interests pursued by the congregation . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was you that tracked it down anyway , Stevens `` , he pursued strictly . 
	 4.Example sentence: This means that a great many academically talented girls are discouraged from pursuing graduate work of a more demanding nature . 

Frequency of Synset('hire.v.01'): 49  (engage or hire for work)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1609 , the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson , gave him two learned geographers , fitted him out with a ship called the Half Moon , and supplied him with Dutch sailors . 
	 3.Example sentence: His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses , employed at night by a sugar producer . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('art.n.03.art')
Frequency of Synset('art.n.01'): 49  (the products of human creativity; works of art collectively)
	 1.Example sentence: Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World - the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated - the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America - the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso - the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art - the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . 
	 2.Example sentence: That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; and perhaps of even greater significance - his music is strong 20 th Century evidence of the effectiveness of Evolution , based on a broad Traditionalism for the creative art of music . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form . 
	 4.Example sentence: Until recently , art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things . 

Frequency of Synset('art.n.02'): 15  (the creation of beautiful or significant things)
	 1.Example sentence: That 's one of the reasons art is becoming a useless occupation . 
	 2.Example sentence: Like many others , he had to work hard , long hours in a struggling family business which , though it was allied to art of a kind - the design and production of engraved seals - bore no relation to the painting of pictures . 
	 3.Example sentence: The movie was The Great Train Robbery and its effects on the young industry and art were all but incalculable . 
	 4.Example sentence: If the change , at first sight , seems minor , we may recall that it took the Italian painters about two hundred years to make an analogous change , and the Italian painters , by universal consent , were the most brilliant group of geniuses any art has seen . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('concede.v.01.concede')
Frequency of Synset('concede.v.01'): 14  (admit (to a wrongdoing))
	 1.Example sentence: No one the Medfield police had questioned professed to know any more about him than about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . 
	 3.Example sentence: I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected , who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith . 
	 4.Example sentence: It must be conceded that his native land provided Prokofieff with many of the necessary conditions for great creative incentive : 

Frequency of Synset('concede.v.02'): 11  (be willing to concede)
	 1.Example sentence: I granted this might be so , but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously . 
	 2.Example sentence: Socialism , I grant , has a definite place in our society . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1930 , the Lambeth Conference again affirmed the primary purpose of marriage to be the procreation of children , but conceded that , in certain limited circumstances , contraception might be morally legitimate . 
	 4.Example sentence: And even as she , having indeed a husband , Adam , but being nevertheless as yet a virgin , having become disobedient , was made the cause of death , both to herself and to the entire human race ; so also did Mary , having a man betrothed [ to her ] , and being nevertheless a virgin , by yielding obedience , become the cause of salvation , both to herself and the whole human race '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('confront.v.01.confront')
Frequency of Synset('confront.v.01'): 53  (oppose, as in hostility or a competition)
	 1.Example sentence: The Szolds , like the Marches , enjoyed and loved living together , even in troubled times ; and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . 
	 2.Example sentence: At least the moment was postponed when he had to face the mystery of the power tools . 
	 3.Example sentence: She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder . 
	 4.Example sentence: The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate . 

Frequency of Synset('confront.v.02'): 66  (deal with (something unpleasant) head on)
	 1.Example sentence: One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems . 
	 2.Example sentence: How right he was ; how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism . 
	 3.Example sentence: Is his a literature of defeat , irrelevant to the social crises we face ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Given this kind of business climate , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yr. ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('singular.s.03.singular')
Frequency of Synset('remarkable.s.01'): 11  (unusual or striking)
	 1.Example sentence: In May , 1803 , Ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy . 
	 2.Example sentence: Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and - especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair - into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . 
	 3.Example sentence: Young Mercer showed a remarkable lack of aptitude for both instruments . 
	 4.Example sentence: If his scholarship and formal musicianship were not all they might have been , Mercer demonstrated at an early age that he was gifted with a remarkable ear for rhythm and dialect . 

Frequency of Synset('curious.s.01'): 27  (beyond or deviating from the usual or expected)
	 1.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 2.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 
	 3.Example sentence: Funny how seldom they did : used to it , probably . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` A lot of people are so peculiar that they do n't like cats , it 's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens - and , damn it , you know very well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away ! 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('exclude.v.01.omit')
Frequency of Synset('exclude.v.01'): 28  (prevent from being included or considered or accepted)
	 1.Example sentence: The twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start , and their identification was the barest of starts . 
	 2.Example sentence: I leave out of account the question of the best interests of the children , the question of what their best interests really are . 
	 3.Example sentence: the causes of injuries and health hazards in metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; 
	 4.Example sentence: the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; and the scope and adequacy of State mine safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws . 

Frequency of Synset('neglect.v.01'): 12  (leave undone or leave out)
	 1.Example sentence: The change of emphasis from conventional type to missile type warfare must be made with care , mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not a thought nor a cadence was missed in her summary of appreciation . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was left out of him at birth . 
	 4.Example sentence: How did they miss him when they got Slater ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('flip.v.06.toss')
Frequency of Synset('flip.v.06'): 16  (throw or toss with a light motion)
	 1.Example sentence: As reports dribbled in , William Weigand tossed them into the centrifuge which had become his head . 
	 2.Example sentence: Weigand tossed this news into the centrifuge . 
	 3.Example sentence: He called in the pitcher who had been pitching , and a big , heavy , powerfully built right hander moved out to the mound for Anniston . 
	 4.Example sentence: He lifted the skirt of Macklin 's coat , took his gun from its holster , tossed it onto the desk . 

Frequency of Synset('flip.v.01'): 13  (lightly throw to see which side comes up)
	 1.Example sentence: I tossed the bottle . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was no time to pick out a penny ; I got a coin between my thumb and forefinger , leaned my elbows in a very natural and casual manner on top of the truck cab and flipped my little missile . 
	 3.Example sentence: When three dice are tossed repeatedly , what is the probability that the number of aces is 0 ( or 1 , or 2 , or 3 ) ? 
	 4.Example sentence: If three dice are tossed , a trial is one toss of one die and the experiment is composed of three trials . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('bigger.s.01.bigger')
Frequency of Synset('bigger.s.01'): 57  (large or big relative to something else)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Joan Sheldon had earned the larger bequest . 
	 3.Example sentence: They spread over an area no larger than Oregon ; yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonians . 
	 4.Example sentence: While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous . 

Frequency of Synset('large.a.01'): 228  (above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It contained a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather armchairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded . 
	 4.Example sentence: As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the great strait . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('achieve.v.01.accomplish')
Frequency of Synset('carry_through.v.01'): 44  (put in effect)
	 1.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 
	 2.Example sentence: To carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale . 
	 3.Example sentence: This project was carried out under sponsorship of the Ballistic Missile Division of the Air Research and Development Command , U. S. Air Force , and had as its goal the investigation of the transport by diffusion of the heat energy of chemical binding . 
	 4.Example sentence: In carrying out his functions under section 2 of this Act , the Secretary may - 

Frequency of Synset('achieve.v.01'): 47  (to gain with effort)
	 1.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 
	 2.Example sentence: With the first of a group of historical novels , The Charles Men ( Karolinerna ) , published in 1897 - 8 , he achieved the masterpiece of his career . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oersted 's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . 
	 4.Example sentence: In one of these , an exploding wire device to study systems thermodynamically up to 6000 * * f and 100 atmospheres pressure , a major goal was achieved . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('correct.v.01.correct')
Frequency of Synset('correct.v.01'): 13  (make right or correct)
	 1.Example sentence: Jeopardize it now to correct so old a wrong ? 
	 2.Example sentence: One might argue that the ultimate purpose of literary scholarship is to correct this spontaneous provincialism that is likely to obscure the horizons of the general public , of the newspaper critic , and of the creative artist himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was approximately one month before the belt problem was noticed and corrected , but at no time was there a deficiency of dissolved oxygen . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` It is possible that I over corrected '' , he said ruefully . 

Frequency of Synset('adjust.v.01'): 19  (alter or regulate so as to achieve accuracy or conform to a standard)
	 1.Example sentence: The shutter aperture may be made larger or smaller by changing the foil area and adjusting the electrical energy input to the foil . 
	 2.Example sentence: Beginning in 1960 , the matching requirements for the base allotment are being adjusted ( upward or downward , as required ) 25 % a year , so that by 1963 the entire support allotment will be matched on the basis of a 40 % pivot State share , with maximum and minimum State shares of 50 % and 30 % , respectively . 
	 3.Example sentence: The spectrometer was adjusted to minimize the amount of dispersion mode mixed in with the absorption signal . 
	 4.Example sentence: This tube could be adjusted in its axial direction by an electric drive to establish the required electrode spacing . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('assume.v.01.presume')
Frequency of Synset('assume.v.01'): 80  (take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof)
	 1.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` People automatically assume that I 'm in college '' , a nineteen year old machinist observed irritably . 
	 3.Example sentence: One can assume that some of the brightest boys are out of town . 
	 4.Example sentence: No lack of opportunity , presuming she had a gun . 

Frequency of Synset('make_bold.v.01'): 12  (take upon oneself; act presumptuously, without permission)
	 1.Example sentence: And if by some wild chance Mahzeer was the man , he would n't dare try anything now - not after Docherty had looked in on the two of them to see that all was well . 
	 2.Example sentence: Certainly , she would n't dare ask her father afterward . 
	 3.Example sentence: I wanted to wipe my flint , but I did n't dare to , the state my hands were in , just as I did n't dare to do anything about the priming . 
	 4.Example sentence: I wanted to wipe my flint , but I did n't dare to , the state my hands were in , just as I did n't dare to do anything about the priming . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('close.a.02.close')
Frequency of Synset('close.a.01'): 33  (at or within a short distance in space or time or having elements near each other)
	 1.Example sentence: Stanley had filled out the return and because , when he was finished , it was close to the lunch hour , he had politely asked Kitti to join him , never expecting her to accept . 
	 2.Example sentence: O ' Banion was born in poverty , the son of an immigrant Irish plasterer , in the North Side 's Little Hell , close by the Sicilian quarter and Death Corner . 
	 3.Example sentence: The late R. G. Collingwood , a philosopher whose work has proved helpful to many students of literature , once wrote `` We are all , though many of us are snobbish enough to wish to deny it , in far closer sympathy with the art of the music-hall and picture-palace than with Chaucer and Cimabue , or even Shakespeare and Titian . 
	 4.Example sentence: The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food . 

Frequency of Synset('close.a.02'): 22  (close in relevance or relationship)
	 1.Example sentence: He was also , if Pam North was right , a closer acquaintance of Lauren Payne 's than she , now , was inclined to admit . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I 'm not a man who has many close intimate friends , Carla '' , he said , wanting her to know all about him . 
	 3.Example sentence: In those vocational programs organized with Smith-Hughes money , there may be a close tie between the labor union and a local employer on the one hand and the vocational teacher on the other . 
	 4.Example sentence: Others who wrote of low characters and low life included Thomas Bangs Thorpe , creator of the Big Bear of Arkansas and Tom Owen , the Bee-Hunter ; Johnson Jones Hooper , whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; and George Washington Harris , whose Tennessee hillbilly character Sut Lovingood perpetrated more unmalicious mischief and more unintended pain than any other character in literature . 

Frequency of Synset('near.a.01'): 43  (not far distant in time or space or degree or circumstances)
	 1.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 2.Example sentence: Heading for the batwings , Cobb glanced perfunctorily through the nearest window , and suddenly dodged aside . 
	 3.Example sentence: Muffling an exclamation , Russ sprang to the nearest steps and ran down . 
	 4.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('cat.n.01.cat')
Frequency of Synset('cat.n.01'): 18  (feline mammal usually having thick soft fur and no ability to roar: domestic cats; wildcats)
	 1.Example sentence: Stilts and Shadow , on Pam 's bed , appeared to be one cat - rather large , as Siamese cats go , and , to be sure , having two heads and two tails . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pamela North said , `` Hi '' , to her cats , and added that proper cats met their humans at the door . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pamela North said , `` Hi '' , to her cats , and added that proper cats met their humans at the door . 
	 4.Example sentence: But at this the one too-large cat suddenly became two cats , stretching . 

Frequency of Synset('guy.n.01'): 33  (an informal term for a youth or man)
	 1.Example sentence: They were constantly assuring you that you were one of the world 's great guys . 
	 2.Example sentence: He had no apparent comprehension of morality ; he divided humanity into `` right guys '' and `` wrong guys '' , and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had no apparent comprehension of morality ; he divided humanity into `` right guys '' and `` wrong guys '' , and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under . 
	 4.Example sentence: He can even be a mild voiced little town guy with big town ideas and level gray eyes and a heart even Houdini could n't figure out , how it is unlocked . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('own.v.01.possess')
Frequency of Synset('possess.v.01'): 28  (have as an attribute, knowledge, or skill)
	 1.Example sentence: The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' ( as James 's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries ) `` however bad I may be , you 're not quite the people to say it '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: He possessed the fighter pilot 's horror of bad weather and instrument flying , and he wondered , if the ceiling did drop , whether he and the other flights would be able to find their way back in this unfamiliar territory . 
	 3.Example sentence: An elephant or a fox or a swan or a cocopalm or a banana possess in unusually high degree this quality of obvious , common-sense , indubitable identity , as do an eye or tooth or nail . 
	 4.Example sentence: An agent would likely be selected which would possess sufficient viability and virulence stability to meet realistic minimal logistic requirements . 

Frequency of Synset('own.v.01'): 151  (have ownership or possession of)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 3.Example sentence: Rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters admonitions or greetings to members of the Negro community . 
	 4.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('assume.v.02.take_on')
Frequency of Synset('assume.v.03'): 52  (take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 
	 2.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 

Frequency of Synset('assume.v.02'): 15  (take on titles, offices, duties, responsibilities)
	 1.Example sentence: Could an employee 's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . 
	 3.Example sentence: There would be all the nuisance of contacting someone else to take over . 
	 4.Example sentence: And I done favors for you , big favor not so long back , did n't I , and I 'm right here to take on where Pretty left off . 

Frequency of Synset('accept.v.05'): 17  (admit into a group or community)
	 1.Example sentence: I 've always admired him , and when I heard he was taking a few pupils , I went to him and joined his class '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Since the Santo Spirito hospital had taken only men , he had had no experience in the study of female anatomy ; but he had sketched the women of Tuscany in their fields and homes . 
	 3.Example sentence: The difference is that the masters took the bare frame of a plot and filled it with their own world ; most modern adapters totally accept the world of a book , squeeze it dry of life , and add only one contribution of their own : 
	 4.Example sentence: She learns how to relax them to accept - instead of contracting them to repel the entering object . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('deal.n.01.deal')
Frequency of Synset('deal.n.01'): 11  (a particular instance of buying or selling)
	 1.Example sentence: Acourse there 's this deal o ' Denny 's - and Jackie 's - kinda hangin ' fire , ai n't it , maybe you 've been kinda worryin ' over that . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` This deal with the ace o ' spades . 
	 3.Example sentence: Two weeks , a month , we talk it over again , and maybe if nothing happens meanwhile to say the cops know this and that , then we make a little deal , is n't it '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Fifty a throw , that the deal ? 

Frequency of Synset('batch.n.02'): 15  ((often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 3.Example sentence: Must have cost plenty . 
	 4.Example sentence: That was more like a thought , but not a great deal more . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('ace.n.02.ace')
Frequency of Synset('one.n.01'): 55  (the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number)
	 1.Example sentence: As a word of caution , we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types , question , command , statement , or exclamation . 
	 2.Example sentence: The party is usually in a room small enough so that all guests are within sight and hearing of one another . 
	 3.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 
	 4.Example sentence: In one of these , an exploding wire device to study systems thermodynamically up to 6000 * * f and 100 atmospheres pressure , a major goal was achieved . 

Frequency of Synset('ace.n.03'): 11  (someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field)
	 1.Example sentence: Certainly its composer was an ascending star on a new world horizon . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was like being in the concert hall in the afternoon and hearing the piano virtuoso rehearsing . 
	 3.Example sentence: Shea , the chairman of Mayor Wagner 's Baseball Committee , will be joined on the dais by Warren Spahn , the southpaw pitching ace of the Milwaukee Braves ; Frank Graham , the Journal-American sports columnist ; Bill Mazeroski , the World Series hero of the Pittsburgh Pirates , and Casey Stengel , the former manager of the Yankees . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ramsey has a thing or two to mutter about himself , for the Dallas defensive unit turned in another splendid effort against Denver , and the Texans were able to whip the dangerous Broncs without the fullbacking of a top star , Jack Spikes , though he did the team 's place-kicking while nursing a knee injury . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('support.n.06.living')
Frequency of Synset('life.n.02'): 58  (the experience of being alive; the course of human events and activities)
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 3.Example sentence: True , ideas are important , perhaps life 's most precious treasures . 
	 4.Example sentence: Bertha , blue-eyed like Mamma , was from the start her mother 's daughter , destined for her mother 's role in life . 

Frequency of Synset('animation.n.01'): 24  (the condition of living or the state of being alive)
	 1.Example sentence: Even life in harmony with death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Generally , the same level of living costs less in the country than in the city . 
	 3.Example sentence: Many of them paid for their curiosity with their lives , for some minutes later the first giant wave roared over the shore . 
	 4.Example sentence: If you do n't leave this country within 3 days , your life will be taken the same as Powell 's was . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('like.a.01.like')
Frequency of Synset('like.a.01'): 26  (resembling or similar; having the same or some of the same characteristics; often used in combination)
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; he found money much more interesting ; but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living - and paid for his own stuff - and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill . 
	 2.Example sentence: A seeping coldness entered Holden 's being ; his nerves seemed frost-bitten down to the tips of his tingling fingers and his spine felt stiff and glass like , liable to break like an icicle at any moment . 
	 3.Example sentence: Sarason et al. present evidence that the anxious child will suffer in the test like situation , and that his performance will be impaired unless he receives supporting and accepting treatment from the teacher . 
	 4.Example sentence: To a much less full extent , the hebephrenic person 's belching or flatus has a comparable communicative function ; in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch , or the passage of flatus , not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze , but also because he learns that even these animal like sounds constitute forms of communication in which , from time to time , quite different things are being said , long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these , as distinct feelings and concepts , to say them in words . 

Frequency of Synset('like.a.02'): 21  (equal in amount or value)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: These 1750 cases were carted off in a one night operation by the O ' Banion men , who left in their stead the same number of barrels filled with water . 
	 3.Example sentence: We assume that average total unit cost in the relevant region of operation is constant with respect to quantity produced ( the average cost curve is horizontal , and therefore is identical with the marginal cost curve ) , and is the same for every firm ( and therefore for the industry ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: And here again we hear the same refrain mentioned above : `` The paramount goal of the United States , set long ago , was to guard the rights of the individual , ensure his development , enlarge his opportunity '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('last.v.01.last')
Frequency of Synset('last.v.01'): 18  (persist for a specified period of time)
	 1.Example sentence: Who knew , Angie might not last long . 
	 2.Example sentence: But her personality was such that each affair lasted only until that lover , too , had been conquered and reduced to passivity . 
	 3.Example sentence: This operation was started at 5 : 00 p.m. and lasted for 29 minutes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Last week , when Royal was informed that three Longhorns were among the conference 's top four in rushing , he said : `` That won't last long '' . 

Frequency of Synset('survive.v.01'): 60  (continue to live through hardship or adversity)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Where there was no road , they lived without one . 
	 3.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('curious.s.01.funny')
Frequency of Synset('amusing.s.02'): 17  (arousing or provoking laughter)
	 1.Example sentence: Apart from misplaced modifiers and headlinese , journalism contributes a wide variety of comic ambiguities in both editorial and advertising matter . 
	 2.Example sentence: The comic indefinite comprises an extensive class of comedy . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are some sharp and whipping lines and some hilariously funny situations - the best of the latter being a mass impromptu plunge into a nightclub tank where a `` mermaid '' is performing . 
	 4.Example sentence: He saw the surprise in her face , and laughed as though it were the funniest expression he had ever seen . 

Frequency of Synset('curious.s.01'): 27  (beyond or deviating from the usual or expected)
	 1.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 2.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 
	 3.Example sentence: Funny how seldom they did : used to it , probably . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` A lot of people are so peculiar that they do n't like cats , it 's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens - and , damn it , you know very well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away ! 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('pack.v.01.pack')
Frequency of Synset('pack.v.01'): 11  (arrange in a container)
	 1.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` By the way '' , said Mr. Blatz , packing his tools into a battered carrier , `` them power tools needs extra voltage . 
	 3.Example sentence: He began to pack the saddlebags . 
	 4.Example sentence: He sat for a while with his hands on his knees , watching the bend of her back as she gathered up her things - a comb , a bottle of aspirin - to take upstairs and pack . 

Frequency of Synset('carry.v.02'): 37  (have with oneself; have on one's person)
	 1.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 
	 3.Example sentence: He carried three guns - one in the right trouser pocket , one under his left armpit , one in the left outside coat pocket - and was equally lethal with both hands . 
	 4.Example sentence: Each plane carried two five-hundred pound bombs . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('get_up.v.02.get_up')
Frequency of Synset('arise.v.03'): 21  (rise to one's feet)
	 1.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 2.Example sentence: The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Get up , Crouch . 
	 4.Example sentence: He rose from the chair , took off his coat . 

Frequency of Synset('raise.v.02'): 53  (raise from a lower to a higher position)
	 1.Example sentence: Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone . 
	 3.Example sentence: Curt , angry enough to be a little reckless , raised his hands shoulder high . 
	 4.Example sentence: But as the tree passed , she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell . 

Frequency of Synset('organize.v.05'): 11  (arrange by systematic planning and united effort)
	 1.Example sentence: One of these days , I 'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that 's being painted these days , from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism , and then you 'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sets are remarkably elaborate for a road-show that does n't pause long in any one place , and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or obtrusiveness . 
	 3.Example sentence: If , in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends , you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child 's grandmother watching this event , you have begun to be an artist in film ; you are employing the basic technique of film ; you are cutting . 
	 4.Example sentence: Three weeks later following his recovery , armed with a writ issued by the Catskill justice on affidavits prepared by the district attorney , Cook and Russell rode to arrest Martinez . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('go.v.03.go_away')
Frequency of Synset('go.v.03'): 52  (move away from a place into another direction)
	 1.Example sentence: Time to go , I supposed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pat let him go , following more leisurely . 
	 3.Example sentence: You go ' n ' have a look round for it '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.01'): 141  (go away from a place)
	 1.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 2.Example sentence: The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oersted joined Ritter at Jena and stayed with him for 3 weeks , continuing their correspondence after he left . 
	 4.Example sentence: A restaurant posted a reminder to patrons `` who became excited and left without paying their checks '' . 

Frequency of Synset('disappear.v.01'): 46  (get lost, as without warning or explanation)
	 1.Example sentence: The din was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around . 
	 2.Example sentence: Years ago this was true , but with the replacement of wires or runners by radio and radar ( and perhaps television ) , these restrictions have disappeared and now again too much is heard . 
	 3.Example sentence: This last point is important because if high school pupils are aware that few , if any , graduates who have chosen a certain vocational program have obtained a job as a consequence of the training , the whole idea of relevance disappears . 
	 4.Example sentence: The image of God has simply disappeared . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('search.v.02.search')
Frequency of Synset('search.v.01'): 50  (try to locate or discover, or try to establish the existence of)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1607 and 1608 , the English Muscovy Company had sent him northward to look for a route over the North Pole or across the top of Russia . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was , of course , no special reason to believe that the man or woman they sought had stayed only overnight at the hotel . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You think Black 's the one we 're looking for '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('search.v.02'): 18  (search or seek)
	 1.Example sentence: I looked unceasingly With my cold mind and with my burning heart '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Alison was still sound asleep ; he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag , and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom , which tasted peculiarly of face powder . 
	 3.Example sentence: Look somewhere else . 
	 4.Example sentence: His light blue eyes , set deep within the face , are actively and continually looking . 

Frequency of Synset('research.v.02'): 17  (inquire into)
	 1.Example sentence: He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . 
	 2.Example sentence: Chewing it over with his colleagues and in his own mind , he reaches a tentative identification of the question - tentative because it may change as he explores it further and because , if no tolerable answer can be found , it may have to be changed into one which can be answered . 
	 3.Example sentence: A good example of the results obtainable with ultrasonic radiation is contained in papers presented by Dr. G. Baum who has explored the human eye . 
	 4.Example sentence: To encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals , the Office of Minerals Exploration ( OME ) of the U.S. Department of the Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the OME regulations . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('squat.v.01.crouch')
Frequency of Synset('crouch.v.01'): 15  (bend one's back forward from the waist on down)
	 1.Example sentence: The way his red rubber lips were stretched across his pearly little teeth I though he was only having a little joke , but , no , he wanted me to bend down from the roar of wind so he could roar something into my ear . 
	 2.Example sentence: He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was crouched over his anvil in the courtyard getting his chisels into trim , when a splinter of steel flew into his eye and imbedded itself in his pupil . 
	 4.Example sentence: The colonel crouched tensely on one of the folding chairs , methodically tearing at his thumbnail . 

Frequency of Synset('squat.v.01'): 12  (sit on one's heels)
	 1.Example sentence: After he 'd got out fresh liver for Bast , he paused to look at her crouched daintily over her dish . 
	 2.Example sentence: So you sit in the car and listen to the air run out and listen to the rain and see the mud in front of the headlights , waiting for you , for your new spectator pumps , waiting for you to squat by yourself out there in your tight skirt , crying and afraid and trying to get that damned son-of-a-bitch tire off , because that is being an old maid too , if you happen to drive a car , it is changing the tire yourself in the night , and in the mud and the rain , hating to get out in it but afraid to stay and afraid to try to walk out for help . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then he hunkered down on the heels of his handmade boots , peered into the orderly chaos of axle , shock absorber , and spring . 
	 4.Example sentence: Squatting on our haunches beside the flat stone we broke them on , we were safe behind the high closed gates at the end of the drive : safe from interruption and the observation and possible amusement of the passers-by . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('imagine.v.01.imagine')
Frequency of Synset('imagine.v.01'): 51  (form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case)
	 1.Example sentence: For all her domineering ways , I can n't conceive of her having had a deadly enemy '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Somehow I imagine that as you grew up you were alone a lot . 
	 3.Example sentence: Mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual re-living of experience , in which the imagining person recovers through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Ca n't you possibly imagine what life is going to be like , here '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('think.v.02'): 228  (expect, believe, or suppose)
	 1.Example sentence: Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('picture.n.01.image')
Frequency of Synset('image.n.01'): 29  (an iconic mental representation)
	 1.Example sentence: Merely having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consideration . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was a succession of picture images passing through his mind : the same ones , different ones , in no apparent sequence , in no logical succession . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus the image of man has suffered complete fragmentation in personal and spiritual qualities , and complete objectification in sub-human and quasi mechanistic powers . 
	 4.Example sentence: The image of the world tends to reflect the hostility and indifference of man or else to dissolve into empty spaces and overwhelming mystery . 

Frequency of Synset('picture.n.01'): 33  (a visual representation (of an object or scene or person or abstraction) produced on a surface)
	 1.Example sentence: Would a camera club be useful in taking pictures pertinent to plant safety ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Each was her mother 's assistant and confidante ; and each stood out conspicuously in the family picture . 
	 3.Example sentence: For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . 
	 4.Example sentence: When she had wiped some of the lipstick from her mouth , she stared solemnly at her image in the mirror . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('affect.v.01.touch')
Frequency of Synset('touch.v.01'): 28  (make physical contact with, come in contact with)
	 1.Example sentence: she thought as warm , drizzling rain touched her face . 
	 2.Example sentence: He had n't touched her . 
	 3.Example sentence: I have more than once sat cross-legged in the grass through a long summer morning and watched without touching while a poppy bud higher than my head slowly but visibly pushed off its cap , unfolded , and shook out like a banner in the sun its flaming vermilion petals . 
	 4.Example sentence: The girl 's eyes were softly shining as she reached out and touched Casey 's hand . 

Frequency of Synset('refer.v.02'): 95  (be relevant to)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , she had a number of them where money was concerned '' , Garth said . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer , for instance , we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign . 

Frequency of Synset('affect.v.01'): 46  (have an effect upon)
	 1.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Are your people still alive '' ? he asked , trying to touch a part of her life Alberto had n't discussed ; so he could have something of her for himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: that the Court order does not unequally affect the Southern region ? 
	 4.Example sentence: One can meet with aloofness almost anywhere : the Thank-Heaven-We 're - not-Involved viewpoint , It Does n't Affect Us ! 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.06'): 13  (to extend as far as)
	 1.Example sentence: The front windows of the place were long and narrow , reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior . 
	 2.Example sentence: Beaten with fear and sound and wet and chill , they crawled to the hurricane deck and looked out haggardly at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was no real sign of the river now , just a roiling , oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: Once , then - for how many years or how few does not matter - my world was bound round by fences , when I was too small to reach the apple tree bough , to twist my knee over it and pull myself up . 

Frequency of Synset('equal.v.02'): 11  (be equal to in quality or ability)
	 1.Example sentence: Besides , he can hardly avoid musing on the instability of death which , what with exhumations and rehabilitations , seems to match that of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: Fury Hanover ( Hoot Mon-Fay ) , Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ) and Isaac ( Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover ) have been working together but have not equalled their best work done some weeks ago . 
	 3.Example sentence: Soon her purring rivaled the chirping of the tree crickets , rivaled the hum of voices from inside the Pod . 
	 4.Example sentence: Soon her purring rivaled the chirping of the tree crickets , rivaled the hum of voices from inside the Pod . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('translate.v.01.translate')
Frequency of Synset('translate.v.01'): 11  (restate (words) from one language into another language)
	 1.Example sentence: Carla translated . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Holy Father would die soon , she said to Carla , so she could translate for Sam , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was not even in writing Latin epigrams , sometimes bawdy ones , or in translating Lucian from Greek into Latin or in defending the study of Greek against the attack of conservative academics , or in attacking the conservative theologians who opposed Erasmus 's philological study of the New Testament . 
	 4.Example sentence: Neither do I , but the Tjokorda Agoeng was good enough to translate , and I 'll do as much for you . 

Frequency of Synset('understand.v.03'): 14  (make sense of a language)
	 1.Example sentence: Whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination , it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive , that they belong together . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Phillips took a razor to Gonzalez , Prop. , but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome . 
	 3.Example sentence: We propose a method for selecting only dictionary information required by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text . 
	 4.Example sentence: Until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand , we are depriving ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('neglect.v.04.neglect')
Frequency of Synset('neglect.v.01'): 12  (leave undone or leave out)
	 1.Example sentence: The change of emphasis from conventional type to missile type warfare must be made with care , mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not a thought nor a cadence was missed in her summary of appreciation . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was left out of him at birth . 
	 4.Example sentence: How did they miss him when they got Slater ? 

Frequency of Synset('fail.v.01'): 67  (fail to do something; leave something undone)
	 1.Example sentence: Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer 's notes and report , especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of Justice 's recommendation to the appeal board . 
	 2.Example sentence: On April 1 , 1953 , after some six months of full-time `` pioneering '' , petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching , but failed to so notify his local board . 
	 3.Example sentence: Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so . 
	 4.Example sentence: This he failed to do , asserting that he did not know it to be in his file . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('detail.n.02.detail')
Frequency of Synset('detail.n.01'): 42  (an isolated fact that is considered separately from the whole)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden took up this point with Garth , who shrugged it off . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said `` states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law governed countries . 
	 3.Example sentence: Linguists have not always been more enlightened than `` practical people '' and sometimes have insisted on incredibly trivial points while neglecting things of much greater significance . 
	 4.Example sentence: The difficulty was that each day seemed to produce its quota of details which must be cleaned up immediately . 

Frequency of Synset('detail.n.02'): 23  (a small part that can be considered separately from the whole)
	 1.Example sentence: Even beginning students in linguistics are made familiar with an appreciable variety of consonant systems , both in their general outlines and in many specific details . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are more stems per item in Athabascan , which expresses the fact that the Athabascan languages have undergone somewhat more change in diverging from proto Athabascan than the Yokuts languages from proto Yokuts . 
	 4.Example sentence: ( On deduction of one-eighth from 3.46 , the stem / item rate becomes 3.03 against 2.75 in equivalent number of languages . ) 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('selection.n.02.selection')
Frequency of Synset('choice.n.02'): 21  (the act of choosing or selecting)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: The domestic tentacles even extend to the choice of a major field . 
	 3.Example sentence: These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice . 
	 4.Example sentence: Has your company developed selection and training processes that are geared to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yr. ? 

Frequency of Synset('choice.n.01'): 11  (the person or thing chosen or selected)
	 1.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 2.Example sentence: Accident , murder , suicide - take your pick '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Finally , information is retrieved from the dictionary as required by stages of the translation process - the grammatic description for sentence-structure determination , equivalent choice information for semantic analysis , and target-language equivalents for output construction . 
	 4.Example sentence: Lacking the respected and effective institutions that consensus helps provide , minority parties , such as the P.D.I. in 1957 and the progressive Istiqlal faction in 1958 , clamor for elections when out of power , but are not at all certain they wish to be controlled by popular choice when in power . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('document.n.01.papers')
Frequency of Synset('document.n.01'): 16  (writing that provides information (especially information of an official nature))
	 1.Example sentence: ( The common misconception that he was Dutch and that his first name was Hendrik stem from Dutch documents of his third voyage . ) 
	 2.Example sentence: The trial judge decided that the administrative procedures of the Act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such documents . 
	 3.Example sentence: Papers like these four , if widely read , will contribute importantly to improvement of our analytic work . 
	 4.Example sentence: Actually , none of these papers says much directly about field techniques . 

Frequency of Synset('paper.n.01'): 29  (a material made of cellulose pulp derived mainly from wood or rags or certain grasses)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you using the most economical printing methods , paper , etc. . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the South , after the first year of the war , paper and ink were very poor . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which , properly handled , would , he had assured him , turn into a workbench . 

Frequency of Synset('composition.n.08'): 21  (an essay (especially one written as an assignment))
	 1.Example sentence: Dr. A. V. Astin , NBS Director , opened the 5 - day session with introductory remarks , following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by NBS scientists , from both the Washington and Boulder Laboratories . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second explanation is suggested by the material described in Rowlands ' paper . 
	 3.Example sentence: One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : 
	 4.Example sentence: But it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology . 

Frequency of Synset('newspaper.n.01'): 40  (a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articles and advertisements)
	 1.Example sentence: `` No , I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here , and when it happened all I could think of was - '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The merits of the Salk anti polio vaccine were not established on the forensic platform or in newspaper editorials , but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are boxed proclamations in the newspaper of watchings , pinnings , ringings , engagements , and marriages in a scrupulously graded hierarchy of felicity . 
	 4.Example sentence: Under her father 's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience . 

Frequency of Synset('newspaper.n.02'): 15  (a business firm that publishes newspapers)
	 1.Example sentence: And the school newspaper sells space to jubilant fraternities , sororities , and houses ( in the House Plan Association ) that have good news to impart . 
	 2.Example sentence: He then got a job with the Chicago Herald-Examiner as a circulation slugger , a rough fighter employed to see that his paper 's news pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors . 
	 3.Example sentence: The shooting development program of the Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufacturers ' Institute has successfully published these facts in all major outdoor magazines , many national weeklies and the trade papers . 
	 4.Example sentence: Other THC activities followed , conducted by shopping centers , department stores , recreation equipment dealers , radio - TV stations , newspapers , and other organizations interested in the need existing to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and appreciations related to hunting and wise use of our natural resources . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('extensive.s.01.extensive')
Frequency of Synset('extensive.s.01'): 12  (large in spatial extent or range or scope or quantity)
	 1.Example sentence: These things have been disseminated by other means , but always in the wake of extensive publication of analytic results . 
	 2.Example sentence: Fourth , the two indicators are for the most part widely separated chronologically , with the extensive age gap occurring during childhood for all but one growth center . 
	 3.Example sentence: We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child - more than 1700 values for the entire group - by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center . 
	 4.Example sentence: The comic indefinite comprises an extensive class of comedy . 

Frequency of Synset('across-the-board.s.01'): 27  (broad in scope or content; ; ; ; ; - T.G.Winner)
	 1.Example sentence: Excellent in their way , they lack the wide appeal of The Charles Men , and need not detain us here . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most others have been content to give only the most general attention to the broadest and most obvious features of the phonology when designing orthographies . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the whole they maintain much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter . 
	 4.Example sentence: That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; and perhaps of even greater significance - his music is strong 20 th Century evidence of the effectiveness of Evolution , based on a broad Traditionalism for the creative art of music . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('component.n.01.component')
Frequency of Synset('component.n.01'): 63  (an abstract part of something)
	 1.Example sentence: Younger men usually do n't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they 're liable to change jobs several times before settling down . 
	 2.Example sentence: The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a mobile society , congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment ; this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation - like elements will have to be assimilated . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . 

Frequency of Synset('part.n.01'): 135  (something determined in relation to something that includes it)
	 1.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: A man has 32 souls , one for each part of the body . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board . 

Frequency of Synset('component.n.03'): 21  (an artifact that is one of the individual parts of which a composite entity is made up; especially a part that can be separated from or attached to a system)
	 1.Example sentence: The method of calibration employs a fixed resistance element as a calorimeter . 
	 2.Example sentence: The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . 
	 3.Example sentence: The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('engagement.n.07.involvement')
Frequency of Synset('engagement.n.07'): 17  (the act of sharing in the activities of a group)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you audited your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Apparently the feeling is that anything more would be involvement in technical abstrusenesses of possible pedantic interest but of no visible significance in practical affairs . 

Frequency of Synset('interest.n.01'): 59  (a sense of concern with and curiosity about someone or something)
	 1.Example sentence: When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth , England , in the fall of 1609 , word of Hudson 's findings leaked out , and English interest in him revived . 
	 2.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 3.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 4.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('technical.a.02.technical')
Frequency of Synset('technical.a.01'): 16  (of or relating to technique or proficiency in a practical skill)
	 1.Example sentence: Technical knowledge is a wonderful thing , but it 's useless unless it eventually feeds the cash register . 
	 2.Example sentence: Continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel , coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means , have now raised serious questions about the value of the high energy fuel program . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a relief to shift in his mind to technical problems . 
	 4.Example sentence: From a technical standpoint , the string playing is good , but the Pro Arte people fail to enter into the spirit of things here . 

Frequency of Synset('technical.a.02'): 11  (characterizing or showing skill in or specialized knowledge of applied arts and sciences)
	 1.Example sentence: Apparently the feeling is that anything more would be involvement in technical abstrusenesses of possible pedantic interest but of no visible significance in practical affairs . 
	 2.Example sentence: conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; 
	 3.Example sentence: acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; 
	 4.Example sentence: The infamous Wansee Conference called by Heydrich in January 1942 , to organize the material and technical means to put to death the eleven million Jews spread throughout the nations of Europe , was attended by representatives of major organs of the German state , including the Reich Minister of the Interior , the State Secretary in charge of the Four Year Plan , the Reich Minister of Justice , the Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('consider.v.04.weigh')
Frequency of Synset('weigh.v.01'): 17  (have a certain weight)
	 1.Example sentence: And the cast shell of a locust , straw colored and transparent , weighing nothing , fragile but entire , with eyes like bubbles and a gaping slit down its back . 
	 2.Example sentence: Treat lambs with 12 grams per head for lambs weighing up to 50 pounds ; treat lambs over 50 pounds and adults with 24 grams per animal . 
	 3.Example sentence: She was wise enough to realize a man could be good company even if he did weigh too much and did n't own the mint . 
	 4.Example sentence: Beebe had a 3 - foot anaconda that weighed only 9.8 ounces . 

Frequency of Synset('consider.v.04'): 35  (show consideration for; take into account)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the Hotel Dumont there had , at the time in issue , been twenty-three overnighters , counting couples as singular . 
	 4.Example sentence: Rather he weighs each phonologic fact in the light of its orthographic usefulness . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('better.v.02.improve')
Frequency of Synset('better.v.02'): 69  (to make better)
	 1.Example sentence: He concludes that some changes can made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness , but hesitates to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes . 
	 2.Example sentence: Section 4 of the joint resolution of September 2 , 1958 ( 72 Stat. 1707 ; 42 U. S. C. 1958 ( d ) ) , is hereby amended to read : 
	 3.Example sentence: Similarly , a girl who graduates with a good working knowledge of stenography and the use of clerical machines and who is able to get a job at once may wish to improve her skill and knowledge by a year or two of further study in a community college or secretarial school . 
	 4.Example sentence: A further possibility is suggested by the example of the G. I. bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education : that is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate . 

Frequency of Synset('better.v.03'): 13  (get better)
	 1.Example sentence: I believe the situation is improving , but the success stories need to be heavily publicized . 
	 2.Example sentence: As a result , distribution costs were cut , customer relations improved . 
	 3.Example sentence: The president of the firm , calculating expenses alone , felt his costs had dropped one-half while success in selection had improved over one hundred per cent . 
	 4.Example sentence: Immediately , the film improved and it improved because in narrative it found a content based on time to complement its own unbreakable connection with time . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('prove.v.02.demonstrate')
Frequency of Synset('show.v.01'): 203  (give an exhibition of to an interested audience)
	 1.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 2.Example sentence: She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: She held out her hand to show that she had money . 
	 4.Example sentence: As we stepped out into the sunlight , a man came up to John Cool and silently showed him his hand . 

Frequency of Synset('prove.v.02'): 146  (establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment)
	 1.Example sentence: A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . 
	 2.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature , as proven by Bruckmann and Coulomb . 
	 4.Example sentence: The PM might show he drowned instead , but that 's what the once-over-lightly gives us . 

Frequency of Synset('attest.v.01'): 27  (provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes)
	 1.Example sentence: During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment - and the bitterest irony - enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : 
	 2.Example sentence: There is much research evidence to validate the use of the instrument in differentiating individuals who are likely to manifest anxiety in varying degrees . 
	 3.Example sentence: Certainly , one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-Semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon . 
	 4.Example sentence: Particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist , some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware , and the recognition of which , as a part of himself , he finds distinctly unwelcome . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('case.n.01.instance')
Frequency of Synset('case.n.01'): 89  (an occurrence of something)
	 1.Example sentence: If we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact . 
	 2.Example sentence: In any case but the last , such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual ; the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining . 
	 3.Example sentence: And , in the last case , a bitter disappointment but too often meets the confiding nature '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . 

Frequency of Synset('example.n.01'): 50  (an item of information that is typical of a class or group)
	 1.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 2.Example sentence: It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum , next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence . 
	 3.Example sentence: Gustaf Vasa is a superb example , and Charles 10 , , the conqueror of Denmark , hardly less so . 
	 4.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('quote.v.01.cite')
Frequency of Synset('mention.v.01'): 97  (make reference to)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the pool 's far end was the little cabana Joyce had mentioned , and on the water 's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp looking lather . 
	 4.Example sentence: These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas . 

Frequency of Synset('quote.v.01'): 32  (repeat a passage from)
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hence the title of the book , referring to the soldiers and subjects of the king ; on the fatal battlefield of Poltava , to quote from the novel , `` the wreath he twined for himself slipped down upon his people '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Will his words come to be treasured and quoted through the years ? 
	 4.Example sentence: A Virginia judge a while back cited a Roman jurist to the effect that ten years might be a reasonable length of time for such a change . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('exclude.v.01.leave_out')
Frequency of Synset('exclude.v.01'): 28  (prevent from being included or considered or accepted)
	 1.Example sentence: The twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start , and their identification was the barest of starts . 
	 2.Example sentence: I leave out of account the question of the best interests of the children , the question of what their best interests really are . 
	 3.Example sentence: the causes of injuries and health hazards in metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; 
	 4.Example sentence: the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; and the scope and adequacy of State mine safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws . 

Frequency of Synset('neglect.v.01'): 12  (leave undone or leave out)
	 1.Example sentence: The change of emphasis from conventional type to missile type warfare must be made with care , mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not a thought nor a cadence was missed in her summary of appreciation . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was left out of him at birth . 
	 4.Example sentence: How did they miss him when they got Slater ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('net_income.n.01.profits')
Frequency of Synset('net_income.n.01'): 16  (the excess of revenues over outlays in a given period of time (including depreciation and other non-cash expenses))
	 1.Example sentence: He rather wished he had never got into the business , and still - scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy money . 
	 2.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 3.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 4.Example sentence: When , as a diplomatic gesture of amity and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the April election , Torrio had given O ' Banion a slice of Cicero , the profits from that district had been $ 20000 a month . 

Frequency of Synset('net_income.n.01'): 16  (the excess of revenues over outlays in a given period of time (including depreciation and other non-cash expenses))
	 1.Example sentence: He rather wished he had never got into the business , and still - scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy money . 
	 2.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 3.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 4.Example sentence: When , as a diplomatic gesture of amity and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the April election , Torrio had given O ' Banion a slice of Cicero , the profits from that district had been $ 20000 a month . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('try.v.01.attempt')
Frequency of Synset('try.v.01'): 390  (make an effort or attempt)
	 1.Example sentence: When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do you try to maintain the principle of employee contributed ( as opposed to fully company paid ) programs ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Feverishly , he tried to brush away this intuition . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hands on Bible , seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins . 

Frequency of Synset('undertake.v.01'): 41  (enter upon an activity or enterprise)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1819 under royal command he undertook a very successful geological expedition to Bornholm , one of the Danish islands , being one of three scientists in the expedition . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 3.Example sentence: Once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention , he could undertake the things which really counted . 
	 4.Example sentence: study methods for the recovery and marketing of commercially valuable byproducts resulting from the conversion of saline water ; and undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purposes in various parts of the United States by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('approximately.r.01.more_or_less')
Frequency of Synset('approximately.r.01'): 62  ((of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct)
	 1.Example sentence: In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by Thayer , who could charge off one room on his expense account . 
	 2.Example sentence: About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . 
	 3.Example sentence: The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . 
	 4.Example sentence: The fast opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately * * f ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . 

Frequency of Synset('slightly.r.01'): 75  (to a small degree or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 
	 2.Example sentence: Somewhat uneven in interest for an average reader , eight or ten of these are among the finest of their kind in literature . 
	 3.Example sentence: She smiled slightly . 
	 4.Example sentence: Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mess.n.01.mess')
Frequency of Synset('mess.n.01'): 11  (a state of confusion and disorderliness)
	 1.Example sentence: Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he had n't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he had n't found it . 
	 2.Example sentence: His talk turns to what he calls `` the mess '' , or sometimes `` this buzzing confusion '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The only chance of renovation is to open our eyes and see the mess . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is not a mess you can make sense of '' . 

Frequency of Synset('batch.n.02'): 15  ((often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 3.Example sentence: Must have cost plenty . 
	 4.Example sentence: That was more like a thought , but not a great deal more . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('forest.n.01.woods')
Frequency of Synset('forest.n.01'): 18  (the trees and other plants in a large densely wooded area)
	 1.Example sentence: Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs . 
	 2.Example sentence: We are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest , seeking human dignity . 
	 3.Example sentence: Beyond the forest all our paths merge into a single great highway which ends in the barren , eroded hills of Judea . 
	 4.Example sentence: How we travel through the forest is for each man 's conscience . 

Frequency of Synset('wood.n.01'): 14  (the hard fibrous lignified substance under the bark of trees)
	 1.Example sentence: Then he noticed that the dry wood of the wheels had swollen . 
	 2.Example sentence: I even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made - linden wood covered with leather - so I 'd get the light reflections accurate . 
	 3.Example sentence: Implements of wood and iron are available for close and hasty combat no matter where a man stands . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hank had gathered wood for a cookfire , and his wife was busy at it now . 

Frequency of Synset('forest.n.01'): 18  (the trees and other plants in a large densely wooded area)
	 1.Example sentence: Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs . 
	 2.Example sentence: We are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest , seeking human dignity . 
	 3.Example sentence: Beyond the forest all our paths merge into a single great highway which ends in the barren , eroded hills of Judea . 
	 4.Example sentence: How we travel through the forest is for each man 's conscience . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('aged.s.01.older')
Frequency of Synset('aged.s.01'): 12  (advanced in years; (`aged' is pronounced as two syllables))
	 1.Example sentence: Was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Did men become perfectionists as they grew older , polishing , polishing , reluctant to let go ? 
	 3.Example sentence: On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30 th anniversary . 
	 4.Example sentence: Unemployed older workers who have no expectation of securing employment in the occupation in which they are skilled should be able to secure counseling and retraining in an occupation with a future . 

Frequency of Synset('old.a.01'): 101  ((used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age)
	 1.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Old people have their idiosyncrasies '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: He lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old , a reclaimed island of landscaped brick and glass on the fringe of the business district . 

Frequency of Synset('old.a.02'): 92  (of long duration; not new)
	 1.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 2.Example sentence: The old way of doing things , which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no longer adequate to the task . 
	 3.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 4.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 

Frequency of Synset('erstwhile.s.01'): 19  (belonging to some prior time)
	 1.Example sentence: He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory . 
	 2.Example sentence: An inmate , a former university professor , expounded to us , logically and clearly , that someone was pilfering his thoughts . 
	 3.Example sentence: But hear Harrison E. Salisbury , former Moscow correspondent of The New York Times , and author of `` To Moscow - And Beyond '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: a former Democratic candidate for President , a New Deal poet , the magazine 's chief editorial writer , two newspaper columnists , head of a national broadcasting company , a popular Protestant evangelist , etc. . 

Frequency of Synset('previous.s.01'): 22  (just preceding something else in time or order)
	 1.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 2.Example sentence: The George-Barden Act of 1946 raised the previous increases in annual authorizations to $ 29 million in addition to the $ 7 million under the Smith Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , the public limit price is raised further by a given wage increase the longer it has been since the previous price increase . 
	 4.Example sentence: Moreover , as long as the weapon was carried openly , the sheriff 's office had made no previous issue of it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('travel_by.v.01.go_by')
Frequency of Synset('elapse.v.01'): 15  (pass by)
	 1.Example sentence: It slips away , it burns and tortures me . 
	 2.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 3.Example sentence: When several minutes had passed and Curt had n't emerged from the livery stable , Brenner re-entered the hotel and faced Summers across the counter . 
	 4.Example sentence: And irrespective of the outcome in centuries elapsed since splitting , calculations obviously carry more concordant and comparable meaning if they deal with the most stable units than with variously unstable ones . 

Frequency of Synset('travel_by.v.01'): 30  (move past)
	 1.Example sentence: Early in June , the Discovery passed `` Desolation '' ( southern Greenland ) and in mid-June entered the `` Furious Overfall '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Gilborn passed by him without seeing him . 
	 4.Example sentence: When you pass a church on an Irish bus , all the hands flurry in the sign of the cross . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('essential.s.01.essential')
Frequency of Synset('essential.s.01'): 17  (absolutely necessary; vitally necessary)
	 1.Example sentence: He went down to Mills and Bradley 's Hardware Store and bought a full set of carpenter 's tools , including a rotary power saw and several other pieces of power machinery that Mr. Mills said were essential for babbiting and doweling , whatever they were . 
	 2.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 
	 3.Example sentence: First and foremost , vocational courses should not replace courses which are essential parts of the required academic program for graduation . 
	 4.Example sentence: Today many college bound students try to take a course in personal typing , as they feel a certain degree of mastery of this skill is almost essential for one who proposes to do academic work in college and a professional school . 

Frequency of Synset('essential.a.02'): 15  (basic and fundamental)
	 1.Example sentence: The mythological private eye differs from his counterpart in real life in two essential ways . 
	 2.Example sentence: A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region . 
	 3.Example sentence: A blower is essential for the double wall shelter and for the underground shelters . 
	 4.Example sentence: A battery powered radio is essential . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('see.v.10.ascertain')
Frequency of Synset('determine.v.01'): 167  (establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 3.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 

Frequency of Synset('see.v.10'): 48  (be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something)
	 1.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 4.Example sentence: He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess 's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.08'): 26  (find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('interpret.v.01.interpret')
Frequency of Synset('interpret.v.01'): 15  (make sense of; assign a meaning to)
	 1.Example sentence: The fact that Jess 's horse had not been returned to its stall could indicate that Diane 's information had been wrong , but Curt did n't interpret it this way . 
	 2.Example sentence: This subsection shall not be so construed as to deprive the owner of any background patent relating thereto of such rights as he may have thereunder . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nothing in the Act shall be construed to alter existing law with respect to the ownership and control of water . 
	 4.Example sentence: Certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible . 

Frequency of Synset('translate.v.01'): 11  (restate (words) from one language into another language)
	 1.Example sentence: Carla translated . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Holy Father would die soon , she said to Carla , so she could translate for Sam , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was not even in writing Latin epigrams , sometimes bawdy ones , or in translating Lucian from Greek into Latin or in defending the study of Greek against the attack of conservative academics , or in attacking the conservative theologians who opposed Erasmus 's philological study of the New Testament . 
	 4.Example sentence: Neither do I , but the Tjokorda Agoeng was good enough to translate , and I 'll do as much for you . 

Frequency of Synset('understand.v.03'): 14  (make sense of a language)
	 1.Example sentence: Whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination , it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive , that they belong together . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Phillips took a razor to Gonzalez , Prop. , but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome . 
	 3.Example sentence: We propose a method for selecting only dictionary information required by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text . 
	 4.Example sentence: Until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand , we are depriving ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('kick.v.02.kick')
Frequency of Synset('kick.v.01'): 11  (drive or propel with the foot)
	 1.Example sentence: Just about to get their asses kicked into hut Seven . 
	 2.Example sentence: That 's because he already has kicked 14 extra points in 15 tries . 
	 3.Example sentence: Moritz was bothered during the first two games this year by a pulled muscle in the thigh of his right ( kicking ) leg and , as a result , several of his successful conversions have gone barely far enough . 
	 4.Example sentence: He kicked several while playing at Stamford High School , including one that beat Anson , 3 - 0 , in a 1953 district game . 

Frequency of Synset('complain.v.01'): 27  (express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness)
	 1.Example sentence: The mate , Robert Juet , who had kept the journal on the half Moon , was experienced - but he was a bitter old man , ready to complain or desert at any opportunity . 
	 2.Example sentence: And when he complained of the lack of time for all he wanted to do , Henrietta advised him to rise at five in the morning as she and Papa did . 
	 3.Example sentence: They were disturbed by his idiotic bravado - as , when his bodyguard , Yankee Schwartz , complained that he had been snubbed by Dave Miller , a prize-fight referee , chieftain of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation , who were Hirschey , a gambler politician in loose beer running league with Torrio and O ' Banion , Frank , a policeman , and Max , the youngest . 
	 4.Example sentence: But let us not complain of the evils of capitalism by referring to a form that is not truly capitalistic . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('lift.v.02.lift')
Frequency of Synset('raise.v.02'): 53  (raise from a lower to a higher position)
	 1.Example sentence: Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone . 
	 3.Example sentence: Curt , angry enough to be a little reckless , raised his hands shoulder high . 
	 4.Example sentence: But as the tree passed , she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell . 

Frequency of Synset('rise.v.01'): 26  (move upward)
	 1.Example sentence: Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet . 
	 2.Example sentence: A further regulation is that commands always go down , unaccompanied by statements , and statements always go up , unaccompanied by commands . 
	 3.Example sentence: Through the splash of the rising waters , they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon , gnashing big chunks out of the banks . 
	 4.Example sentence: The dangerous current upon the prairie ceased , but the water stood and kept on rising . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('shape.n.02.shape')
Frequency of Synset('shape.n.01'): 52  (any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline))
	 1.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 2.Example sentence: He narrowed the shape down to two : either a Zero or a U. S. Navy type aircraft . 
	 3.Example sentence: The shapes were unmistakable and the Rising Suns were showing up , slightly brighter pinpoints in the gray gloom . 
	 4.Example sentence: What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration , integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form ; color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; and that over all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . 

Frequency of Synset('shape.n.02'): 12  (the spatial arrangement of something as distinct from its substance)
	 1.Example sentence: Each aspired to be a god in human form , but with each it was a different kind of god . 
	 2.Example sentence: Jess 's coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by Curt 's fist . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was the freshness of color , the freedom of perception , the lack of self-consciousness , but with a twist that made the forms leap from the page and smack you in the eye . 
	 4.Example sentence: These areas by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . 

Frequency of Synset('human_body.n.01'): 57  (alternative names for the body of a human being)
	 1.Example sentence: The Rebs were , to a Massachusetts corporal , `` fighting madmen or not men at all but whiskey + gunpowder put into a human frame '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would have been unwise policy , for instance , to apply the pound of flesh characterization to the thrifty Scotchman . 
	 4.Example sentence: Yes , well , it 's a pity to spoil your girlish figure - which all those kittens would do anyway - but I think when you 've raised these we 'll just have the vet fix it so there won n't be any more . 

Frequency of Synset('form.n.03'): 67  (a perceptual structure)
	 1.Example sentence: This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book , `` A Hero 's Funeral '' , written in the form of an impassioned prose poem . 
	 2.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 3.Example sentence: The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('pain.n.01.pain')
Frequency of Synset('pain.n.01'): 22  (a symptom of some physical hurt or disorder)
	 1.Example sentence: With a roar of pain and fury Jess made his attack . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pain shout up Curt 's arm clear to the shoulder , but Jess seemed hardly aware that he had been hit . 
	 3.Example sentence: Landesco thought him `` just a superior sort of plugugly '' but he was , in fact , with his aggression and hostility , and nerveless indifference to risking or administering pain , a casebook psychopath . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Hoa-whup '' ! he commanded from his raw throat , and felt the pain of movement in his cracked , black burned lips . 

Frequency of Synset('pain.n.02'): 11  (emotional distress; a fundamental feeling that people try to avoid)
	 1.Example sentence: Others who wrote of low characters and low life included Thomas Bangs Thorpe , creator of the Big Bear of Arkansas and Tom Owen , the Bee-Hunter ; Johnson Jones Hooper , whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; and George Washington Harris , whose Tennessee hillbilly character Sut Lovingood perpetrated more unmalicious mischief and more unintended pain than any other character in literature . 
	 2.Example sentence: Loneliness tore through him like a physical pain whenever he thought of Peter Robert , Nerien , Nicholas Cop , Martin Bucer , and even the compromising Louis du Tillet . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had stupidly thought himself compelled to ease his brother 's pain . 
	 4.Example sentence: She stood up , smoothing her hair down , straightening her clothes , feeling a thankfulness for the enveloping darkness outside , and , above everything else , for the absence of the need to answer , to respond , to be aware even of Stowey coming in or going out , and yet , now that she was beginning to cook , she glimpsed a future without him , a future alone like this , and the pain made her head writhe , and in a moment she found it hard to wait for Lucretia to come with her guests . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('attack.n.05.attack')
Frequency of Synset('attack.n.01'): 16  ((military) an offensive against an enemy (using weapons))
	 1.Example sentence: It gave them all a chance to make a high-speed climbing turn attack and a break-away that would not take them into the overcast or force a tight turn recovery . 
	 2.Example sentence: Even if the electric power fails after an attack , any time that the heater has been used will make the shelter that much more comfortable . 
	 3.Example sentence: The troopers knew an attack was coming , but they did n't know when , and they did n't know where . 
	 4.Example sentence: Goulding 's platoon pushed back the enemy soldiers and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack . 

Frequency of Synset('approach.n.01'): 30  (ideas or actions intended to deal with a problem or situation)
	 1.Example sentence: On the surface , this seems a sound approach to Christian mission : members of the congregation show by their friendly attitudes that they care for new people ; the new people respond in kind by joining the church . 
	 2.Example sentence: The paper has a certain value as a comparatively easy introduction to this approach , particularly since it treats a fairly simple and straightforward phenomenon where it is possible to compare it with a more traditional ( though not structural ) statement . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination , it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive , that they belong together . 
	 4.Example sentence: Where this approach becomes critical , the industry can be expected to put much emphasis on this as evidence of its sincerity in `` resisting '' the wage pressures of a powerful union , requesting tariff relief after it has `` reluctantly '' acceded to the union pressure . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('land.v.05.land')
Frequency of Synset('land.v.01'): 16  (reach or come to rest)
	 1.Example sentence: I seized the rack and made a western style flying mount just in time , one of my knees mercifully landing on my duffel bag - and merely wrecking my camera , I was to discover later - my other knee landing on the slivery truck floor boards and - but this is no medical report . 
	 2.Example sentence: I seized the rack and made a western style flying mount just in time , one of my knees mercifully landing on my duffel bag - and merely wrecking my camera , I was to discover later - my other knee landing on the slivery truck floor boards and - but this is no medical report . 
	 3.Example sentence: William Lewis made the rounds of all who lived near him again , that August morning after a bullet landed at his feet , and once more he accused and threatened everyone . 
	 4.Example sentence: They went shopping in the neighborhood , and bought two loaves of bread with the ration coupons they had been given in Blois , and some cheese , and a dozen eggs , and a bag of oranges from a peddler in the Place Redoute - the first oranges they had seen since they landed . 

Frequency of Synset('bring.v.05'): 12  (bring into a different state)
	 1.Example sentence: This notion of the General Will gave rise to the Commune of Paris in the Revolution and later brought Napoleon to dictatorship . 
	 2.Example sentence: Outside of combat , he could n't have landed in a tougher spot . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is this subject matter that has brought Mason a large and enthusiastic following among sportsmen , but it is his exceptional performance with this motif that commends him to artists and discerning collectors . 
	 4.Example sentence: This brought in everybody from both sides , while the spectators stood up and added to the uproar . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('rock.v.01.sway')
Frequency of Synset('rock.v.01'): 15  (move back and forth or sideways)
	 1.Example sentence: The building shook , setting the lantern to swaying , and the buckskin to pitching again . 
	 2.Example sentence: The six ton Conestoga began to whip and shake . 
	 3.Example sentence: He rocked back in the chair , knee locked against stomach , his beady eyes fixed on Matson . 
	 4.Example sentence: Killpath leaned forward again , rocked comfortably with his arms still wrapped around one knee . 

Frequency of Synset('swing.v.02'): 15  (move or walk in a swinging or swaying manner)
	 1.Example sentence: The door swung open , and Jess said sourly , `` What the hell 's the matter with you ? '' 
	 2.Example sentence: He swung up over the wheel . 
	 3.Example sentence: He swung toward the front to give the news to Hettie , then stopped , barred from her by the vehemence of her blame and hate . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Did I see him about to swing low in a chariot ? 

Frequency of Synset('carry.v.23'): 20  (win approval or support for)
	 1.Example sentence: I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed . 
	 2.Example sentence: But Stravinsky was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was reflecting . 
	 3.Example sentence: Selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to Red River where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile Northwest Company which resented the intrusion of farmers into the fur traders ' empire . 
	 4.Example sentence: The men did not object to his sketching them while they went about their work , but no one could be persuaded to come to his studio to pose . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('close.v.01.shut')
Frequency of Synset('close.v.01'): 40  (move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut)
	 1.Example sentence: Curt followed , reaching behind him to shut the door and hook it . 
	 2.Example sentence: In fact , he did not think about Jerry Burton at all until he entered his living room and closed the door behind him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Everything else is closed away . 
	 4.Example sentence: But when waves with a period of between 10 and 40 minutes begin to roll over the ocean , they set in motion a corresponding oscillation in a column of mercury which closes an electric circuit . 

Frequency of Synset('close.v.02'): 21  (become closed)
	 1.Example sentence: Doors that won n't open , and doors that won n't close and shelves and broken '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The 7 : 45 bell rang and he could hear the outside doors bang shut , closing in the assembled day watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: Greg 's fingers closed on the stick trigger . 
	 4.Example sentence: On these posts the gates swung open with a squeak and shut with a metallic clang . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('scientific.a.02.scientific')
Frequency of Synset('scientific.a.01'): 12  (of or relating to the practice of science)
	 1.Example sentence: The task of providing a reasonable level of military strength , without endangering other vital aspects of our security , is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is the exploitation of the inherent potential of infectious disease agents by scientific research and development , resulting in the production of BW weapons systems . 
	 3.Example sentence: But it has been during the last two centuries , during the scientific revolution , that our independence from the physical environment has made the most rapid strides . 
	 4.Example sentence: I want , therefore , to discuss a second and quite different fruit of science , the connection between scientific understanding and fear . 

Frequency of Synset('scientific.a.02'): 12  (conforming with the principles or methods used in science)
	 1.Example sentence: conduct , encourage , and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for converting saline water into water suitable for beneficial consumptive purposes ; 
	 2.Example sentence: enter into contracts with educational institutions , scientific organizations , and industrial and engineering firms ; 
	 3.Example sentence: utilize the facilities of Federal scientific laboratories ; 
	 4.Example sentence: assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature , both domestic and foreign , and issue bibliographical data with respect thereto ; 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('construction.n.01.construction')
Frequency of Synset('construction.n.01'): 28  (the act of constructing something)
	 1.Example sentence: He did n't seem to think that attaching a pegboard to a stone wall was much of a problem and he tossed off the building of the worktable equally lightly . 
	 2.Example sentence: recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; 
	 3.Example sentence: recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; 
	 4.Example sentence: - Approximately 45 % of the expenditures for the Department of Defense are for procurement , research , development , and construction programs . 

Frequency of Synset('structure.n.01'): 25  (a thing constructed; a complex entity constructed of many parts)
	 1.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 2.Example sentence: Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . 
	 3.Example sentence: It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; it did not even provide the architect 's plan for anything new . 
	 4.Example sentence: And the more complex the morphophonemic system is in relation to the phonemic base , the less easily a phonemic system will be analysed without close attention to the morphophonemics - at least , the less satisfying will a phonemic statement be if it cannot be related through morphophonemic rules to grammatically meaningful structures . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('function.n.03.function')
Frequency of Synset('function.n.01'): 43  ((mathematics) a mathematical relation such that each element of a given set (the domain of the function) is associated with an element of another set (the range of the function))
	 1.Example sentence: The form of the industry demand function is one which makes quantity demanded vary inversely with the product price , and vary directly with the level of GNP . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus , if public pressure sets the effective limit to the price that the industry may charge , this pressure is itself a function of the wage rate . 
	 3.Example sentence: The extent to which the public limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is itself a function of three things : the passage of time , the level of GNP , and the size of the wage increase . 
	 4.Example sentence: We are abstracting from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry . 

Frequency of Synset('function.n.02'): 70  (what something is used for)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration . 
	 3.Example sentence: On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp . 

Frequency of Synset('function.n.03'): 57  (the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group)
	 1.Example sentence: He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; he might be Mrs. Meeker 's murderer or have played some part in her death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . 
	 3.Example sentence: This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches . 
	 4.Example sentence: An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('participate.v.01.participate')
Frequency of Synset('participate.v.01'): 30  (share in something)
	 1.Example sentence: cause on-site inspections to be made of promising projects , domestic and foreign , and , in the case of projects located in the United States , cooperate and participate in their development in instances in which the purposes of this Act will be served thereby ; 
	 2.Example sentence: foster and participate in regional , national , and international conferences relating to saline water conversion ; 
	 3.Example sentence: Personnel assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops , at which hundreds of school administrators , teachers , professors , and recreational leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education . 
	 4.Example sentence: SAAMI 's field men have served as consultants and / or have participated in 75 Teen Hunter Club activities which have reached over 40000 enthusiastic young Americans . 

Frequency of Synset('enter.v.02'): 23  (become a participant; be involved in)
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 . 
	 3.Example sentence: I make no attempt to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then , abandoning the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned , B. + O. entered on-again-off-again negotiations with C. + O. which resulted in the present situation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('funds.n.01.funds')
Frequency of Synset('funds.n.01'): 19  (assets in the form of money)
	 1.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 2.Example sentence: Formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation . 
	 3.Example sentence: Today , Federal funds account for only one-fifth of the nation 's expenditures for vocational education . 
	 4.Example sentence: The greatest impact of the matching fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds . 

Frequency of Synset('fund.n.01'): 29  (a reserve of money set aside for some purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; particularly the scholarship fund . 
	 2.Example sentence: He skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park , Medfield Hospital , the civic center , the Public Health Nursing Association , the library , and so on , pausing when he came to the scholarship fund . 
	 3.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 4.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('use.v.03.expend')
Frequency of Synset('use.v.03'): 12  (use up, consume fully)
	 1.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 2.Example sentence: If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , if Federal funds are used , it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment . 
	 4.Example sentence: A part-time farmer and his family can use their spare time profitably . 

Frequency of Synset('spend.v.02'): 39  (pay out)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 3.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was no telling how she 'd react to spending money '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('exclude.v.01.exclude')
Frequency of Synset('exclude.v.01'): 28  (prevent from being included or considered or accepted)
	 1.Example sentence: The twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start , and their identification was the barest of starts . 
	 2.Example sentence: I leave out of account the question of the best interests of the children , the question of what their best interests really are . 
	 3.Example sentence: the causes of injuries and health hazards in metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; 
	 4.Example sentence: the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; and the scope and adequacy of State mine safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws . 

Frequency of Synset('bar.v.01'): 11  (prevent from entering; keep out)
	 1.Example sentence: He swung toward the front to give the news to Hettie , then stopped , barred from her by the vehemence of her blame and hate . 
	 2.Example sentence: This , however , did not bar finding that du Pont had become pre-eminent as a supplier of automotive fabrics and finishes to General Motors ; that these products constituted a `` line of commerce '' within the meaning of the Clayton Act ; that General Motors ' share of the market for these products was substantial ; and that competition for this share of the market was endangered by the financial relationship between the two concerns : 
	 3.Example sentence: The bulk of the preparation had , of course , proceeded under the supervision of the Ministry of the Interior , whose officials are barred from party activity and probably generally disinterested in party politics . 
	 4.Example sentence: But barring a miracle , and do n't hold your breath for it , Chicago will not see the Leningrad-Kirov Ballet , which stems from the ballet cradle of the Maryinsky and is one of the great companies of the world . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('press.v.01.press')
Frequency of Synset('press.v.01'): 29  (exert pressure or force to or upon)
	 1.Example sentence: From behind , he had put his arms on her shoulders , turned her around , and pressed her to him , so close she could n't breathe . 
	 2.Example sentence: Putting the key into the switch , pressing the accelerator with his foot , putting the car into reverse , seemed vast endeavors almost beyond the ability of his shaking body . 
	 3.Example sentence: Lord slugged him in the stomach , so hard that the organ almost pressed against his spine . 
	 4.Example sentence: Johnson 's left hand was pressed against the side of his head , red cheeks whitening beneath his fingers . 

Frequency of Synset('urge.v.01'): 41  (force or impel in an indicated direction)
	 1.Example sentence: Swinging up then , and bending forward over the horn , he urged his mount down the meandering draw . 
	 2.Example sentence: He climbed , as quickly as he could urge his body , up the two unbroken flights to the third floor , pulling himself along on a delicate balustrade , all that remained of the building 's beauty . 
	 3.Example sentence: Representing as it did the efforts of only unauthorized individuals of the Roman and Anglican Churches , and urging a communion of prayer unacceptable to Rome , this association produced little fruit , and , in fact , was condemned by the Holy Office in 1864 . 
	 4.Example sentence: Those modern scholars who urge that we must keep in mind the fundamental continuity of Aegean development from earliest times - granted occasional irruptions of peoples and ideas from outside - are correct ; but all too many observers have been misled by this fact into minimizing the degree of change which took place in the early first millennium . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('associate.v.01.connect')
Frequency of Synset('connect.v.01'): 12  (connect, fasten, or put together two or more pieces)
	 1.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 2.Example sentence: I have no picture in my mind of the garden as a whole - that I could not see - but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the memory : wind-blown , frost-bitten , white chrysanthemums beneath a window , with their brittle brown leaves and their sharp scent of November ; ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty slippered foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , brown edged holes ; hot colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch , where we passed on our way to the pump with the half gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it . 
	 3.Example sentence: This initiates the second step of glossary lookup - connecting the information cell of forms in the text form list to dictionary forms . 
	 4.Example sentence: If cell * * f is an information cell , it and any information cells in the Y-region that have been linked to * * f each contain an address in the W-region where a potentially matching form is stored . 

Frequency of Synset('associate.v.01'): 58  (make a logical or causal connection)
	 1.Example sentence: To appreciate this development , we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth century philosophy . 
	 2.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 3.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 
	 4.Example sentence: While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i. e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('experience.v.01.go_through')
Frequency of Synset('experience.v.01'): 18  (go or live through)
	 1.Example sentence: Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century . 
	 2.Example sentence: While they were away Blanche came into the office every morning , running things as she had always run them for Stanley , going through the week in a dazed stupor , getting things done automatically , out of habit . 
	 3.Example sentence: The influence of Mass was less pervasive than that of the congested , slum tenements among the bawdy houses , honkytonks , and sawdust saloons of his birthplace ; he ran wild with the child gangs of the neighbourhood , and went through the normal pressure-cooker course of thieving , police dodging , and housebreaking . 
	 4.Example sentence: It had been five days too late before he learned that she 'd gone through the wedding ceremony in a semitrance of laudanum , administered by her mother . 

Frequency of Synset('pass.v.01'): 23  (go across or through)
	 1.Example sentence: The fast opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately * * f ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . 
	 2.Example sentence: During the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line , thus allowing light to pass into the camera . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a succession of picture images passing through his mind : the same ones , different ones , in no apparent sequence , in no logical succession . 
	 4.Example sentence: The student of ideas and their place in history will always be concerned with the patterns of transition , which are at the same time patterns of transformation , whereby ideas pass from one area of activity to another . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('largely.r.01.mostly')
Frequency of Synset('largely.r.01'): 32  (in large part; mainly or chiefly)
	 1.Example sentence: He went on to personal bequests , a list of names largely unknown to him . 
	 2.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college oriented . 
	 4.Example sentence: One of the significant developments in American Jewish life is that the cultural consumers are largely the women . 

Frequency of Synset('by_and_large.r.01'): 40  (usually; as a rule)
	 1.Example sentence: Generally , your employee will greatly appreciate benefits that protect him during his working life or during retirement . 
	 2.Example sentence: Intermarriage , which is generally regarded as a threat to Jewish survival , was regarded not with horror or apprehension but with a kind of mild , clinical disapproval . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , in their junior and senior years , they generally forego their athletic pursuits , presumably in the interest of better academic achievement . 
	 4.Example sentence: Besides , Miss Henrietta - as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a chignon in the back - had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing ; so Cyrus Adler became interested in her friend Racie Friedenwald , and Joe Jastrow - the only young man who when he wrote had the temerity to address her as Henrietta , and signed himself Joe - fell in love with pretty sister Rachel . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('honor.v.01.honor')
Frequency of Synset('honor.v.01'): 30  (bestow honor or rewards upon)
	 1.Example sentence: Your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70 th Anniversary for the April issue of Sovietskaya Muzyka is accepted with pleasure , because I admire the music of Prokofieff ; and with sober purpose , because the development of Prokofieff personifies , in many ways , the course of music in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics . 
	 2.Example sentence: That his moods , even in his early years , are those of his people , does him honor , as his music honors those who inspired it . 
	 3.Example sentence: In fact , O ' Connor was honoured during the ceremony with the presentation of a $ 2500 diamond stickpin . 
	 4.Example sentence: Living with his watercolors is a vicarious experience of seeing nature distilled through the eyes of a sensitive interpretor , a breath and breadth of the outdoor world to help man honor the Creator of it all . 

Frequency of Synset('respect.v.02'): 11  (show respect towards)
	 1.Example sentence: How can we have a good city unless we respect morality '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed . 
	 3.Example sentence: Since there are almost no schools in the country offering graduate work in interior design this rule cannot at present be observed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now Eileen really would have to settle down to love honor and obey , and she 'd have to quit drinking . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('shout.v.01.shout')
Frequency of Synset('shout.v.01'): 32  (utter in a loud voice; talk in a loud voice (usually denoting characteristic manner of speaking))
	 1.Example sentence: I remember Ernest Bloch in the foyer , shouting in his high-pitched voice : `` it may be a tour de force , mais mon Dieu , can anyone take this music seriously '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Shout at Eichmann though he might , the Prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was falsifying the way he felt about Jews or that what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of anti-Semitism . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would have foregone my romantic chances rather than leave a friend sweltering and dusty and - Well , at least I would n't have shouted back a taunt . 
	 4.Example sentence: Eddie shouted . 

Frequency of Synset('shout.v.02'): 83  (utter a sudden loud cry)
	 1.Example sentence: I cried . 
	 2.Example sentence: Like the cowboy in Stephen Crane 's `` Blue Hotel '' , we run around crying , `` Well , I did n't do anything , did I '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Oh , that 's wonderful '' , cried Mrs. Crombie . 
	 4.Example sentence: Somewhere in the distance , a woman screamed . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('performance.n.01.performance')
Frequency of Synset('performance.n.01'): 27  (a dramatic or musical entertainment)
	 1.Example sentence: His life-long friend , Serge Koussevitzky , gave unreservedly of his praise and brilliant performances in Boston , New York , and Washington , D. C. , to which he added broadcastings and recordings for the whole nation . 
	 2.Example sentence: Chicago was also a welcome host : there , in 1921 , Prokofieff conducted the world premiere of the Love for Three Oranges , and played the first performance of his Third Piano Concerto . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the end of the performance , Dave and Max came out into the brilliantly lit foyer among a surge of gowned and tuxedoed first nighters . 
	 4.Example sentence: On the whole , audiences will like this performance . 

Frequency of Synset('performance.n.02'): 19  (the act of presenting a play or a piece of music or other entertainment)
	 1.Example sentence: The many and frequent performances of the Trout serve to emphasize the dual nature of its writing . 
	 2.Example sentence: Recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances . 
	 3.Example sentence: The piano performance on this Trout is one that really demands a search for superlatives . 
	 4.Example sentence: his scrawny , tottering sound adds a delightful hilarity to the performance . ) 

Frequency of Synset('performance.n.03'): 15  (the act of performing; of doing something successfully; using knowledge as distinguished from merely possessing it)
	 1.Example sentence: Regarded from the outside , an action is an event or series of events occurring in the physical world ; regarded from the inside , it is the carrying into action of a certain thought . 
	 2.Example sentence: Employees deduct expenses of travel , meals and lodging while away from home in connection with the performance of their services as employees . 
	 3.Example sentence: They also deduct transportation expenses incurred in connection with the performance of services as employees even though they are not away from home . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is this subject matter that has brought Mason a large and enthusiastic following among sportsmen , but it is his exceptional performance with this motif that commends him to artists and discerning collectors . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('destroy.v.01.destroy')
Frequency of Synset('destroy.v.01'): 40  (do away with, cause the destruction or undoing of)
	 1.Example sentence: One might have expected that such a violent epoch of transition would have destroyed the creative flair of a composer , especially one whose works were so fluent and spontaneous . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not only did the ideal entrepreneur not produce the greatest good for the greatest number , he ended by destroying himself , by giving birth to monopoly capitalism . 
	 3.Example sentence: The thoroughgoing idealization of the planter society did not come , however , until after the Civil War when Southern writers were eager to defend a way of life which had been destroyed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Biological warfare is the intentional use of living microorganisms or their toxic products for the purpose of destroying or reducing the military effectiveness of man . 

Frequency of Synset('destroy.v.02'): 31  (destroy completely; damage irreparably)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1819 grasshoppers again destroyed the crop at `` the Forks '' ( Fort Douglas ) and in December 1819 , twenty men left Fort Daer for the most northerly American outpost at Prairie du Chien . 
	 2.Example sentence: When he remembered that he might have not signed the check , Mercer made out another for the same amount , instructing the bank to destroy the other - especially if he had happened to have absent-mindedly signed both of them . 
	 3.Example sentence: But in our case - and neither my wife nor I have extreme views on integration , nor are we given to emotional outbursts - the situation has ruined one or two valued friendships and come close to wrecking several more . 
	 4.Example sentence: How best to destroy your peace ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('compose.v.02.compose')
Frequency of Synset('compose.v.01'): 14  (form the substance of)
	 1.Example sentence: Experiments are often composed of several identical trials , and sometimes experiments themselves are repeated . 
	 2.Example sentence: Further , an experiment might consist of five rounds , and several sets of five rounds might be regarded as a super experiment composed of several repetitions of the five round experiment . 
	 3.Example sentence: When this experiment is viewed as composed of five binomial trials , one for each member of the family , the outcomes of the trials are obviously not independent . 
	 4.Example sentence: Under Formby 's plan , an appointee would be selected by a board composed of the governor , lieutenant governor , speaker of the House , attorney general and chief justice of the Texas Supreme Court . 

Frequency of Synset('compose.v.02'): 14  (write music)
	 1.Example sentence: This is precisely what makes lucid , straightforward music so difficult to compose - the clarity must be new , not old '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: When Prokofieff forged his new clarity of `` lucid , straightforward music , so difficult to compose '' , he shaped his talents to his purpose . 
	 3.Example sentence: Meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty protagonist ; a maladroit reharmonization of our National Anthem ( The Star-Spangled Banner ) ; a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto ; a circus polka for elephants ; his hopes that the tunes from his old music might be used for popular American commercial songs ! 
	 4.Example sentence: Everett Miller , then assistant director for the Garrick Gaieties , a Theatre Guild production , needed a lyricist for a song he had written ; he just happened not to need any actor at the moment , however . 

Frequency of Synset('write.v.01'): 115  (produce a literary work)
	 1.Example sentence: This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book , `` A Hero 's Funeral '' , written in the form of an impassioned prose poem . 
	 2.Example sentence: Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory . 
	 3.Example sentence: Admirably written , it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries . 
	 4.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('experiment.n.02.experimentation')
Frequency of Synset('experiment.n.02'): 16  (the testing of an idea)
	 1.Example sentence: Experiments have shown that the shutter is 75 percent open in about 60 - 80 microseconds . 
	 2.Example sentence: Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 * * f , with an uncertainty of 0.10 * * f . 
	 3.Example sentence: How right he was ; how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism . 
	 4.Example sentence: Prokofieff never forsakes his medium for the cause of experimentation per se . 

Frequency of Synset('experiment.n.01'): 62  (the act of conducting a controlled test or investigation)
	 1.Example sentence: He was stirred by the announcement of Volta 's discovery of chemical electricity and he immediately applied the voltaic pile to experiments with acids and alkalis . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , he continued experimenting and lecturing , publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals . 
	 3.Example sentence: In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead . 
	 4.Example sentence: In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('transform.v.02.transform')
Frequency of Synset('transform.v.01'): 14  (subject to a mathematical transformation)
	 1.Example sentence: The most obvious of these is the quadratic complex of tangents to Q , each line of which is transformed into the entire pencil of lines tangent to Q at the image of the point of tangency of the given line . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus pencils of tangents to Q are transformed into pencils of tangents . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the lines of any plane , | p , meeting Q in a conic C , are transformed into the congruence of secants of the curve C ' into which C is transformed in the point involution on Q . 
	 4.Example sentence: For the lines of any plane , | p , meeting Q in a conic C , are transformed into the congruence of secants of the curve C ' into which C is transformed in the point involution on Q . 

Frequency of Synset('transform.v.02'): 11  (change or alter in form, appearance, or nature)
	 1.Example sentence: In all his miscalculations , Stravinsky made the fatal historical blunder of presuming that he could transform other composers ' inspirations - representing many peoples , time periods and styles - into his own music by warping the harmony , melody , or form , to verify his own experiments . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Prosecutor in his opening remarks did refer to `` the germ of anti-Semitism '' among the Germans which Hitler `` stimulated and transformed '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: More often than not I have found easy excuse to leave my own work and stand at a respectable distance where I could watch this man transform raw nature into a composed , not imitative , painting . 
	 4.Example sentence: they `` transform and beautify our inner nature '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('form.v.01.organize')
Frequency of Synset('form.v.01'): 36  (create (as an entity))
	 1.Example sentence: On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30 th anniversary . 
	 2.Example sentence: In those vocational programs organized with Smith-Hughes money , there may be a close tie between the labor union and a local employer on the one hand and the vocational teacher on the other . 
	 3.Example sentence: During World War 2 , about 7.5 million persons were enrolled in courses organized under two special programs administered by state and local school authorities : ( 1 ) Vocational Education for National Defense , and ( 2 ) War Production Training . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had formed his own task force of three stragglers and led them up the hill in a Fighting Seventh charge . 

Frequency of Synset('organize.v.04'): 14  (bring order and organization to)
	 1.Example sentence: About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . 
	 2.Example sentence: coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; and cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . 
	 3.Example sentence: Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation . 
	 4.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 

Frequency of Synset('organize.v.05'): 11  (arrange by systematic planning and united effort)
	 1.Example sentence: One of these days , I 'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that 's being painted these days , from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism , and then you 'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sets are remarkably elaborate for a road-show that does n't pause long in any one place , and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or obtrusiveness . 
	 3.Example sentence: If , in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends , you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child 's grandmother watching this event , you have begun to be an artist in film ; you are employing the basic technique of film ; you are cutting . 
	 4.Example sentence: Three weeks later following his recovery , armed with a writ issued by the Catskill justice on affidavits prepared by the district attorney , Cook and Russell rode to arrest Martinez . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('class.n.02.grade')
Frequency of Synset('class.n.02'): 30  (a body of students who are taught together)
	 1.Example sentence: The writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in St. Joseph , Missouri . 
	 2.Example sentence: In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 . 
	 3.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 
	 4.Example sentence: Undoubtedly far more can be done in the lower grades in this regard in the Negro schools . 

Frequency of Synset('grade.n.02'): 27  (a relative position or degree of value in a graded group)
	 1.Example sentence: The university was the only one in Denmark and the status of professor represented the upper social level . 
	 2.Example sentence: Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . 
	 3.Example sentence: Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . 
	 4.Example sentence: This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . 

Frequency of Synset('mark.n.01'): 23  (a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance))
	 1.Example sentence: For purposes of sample selection only ( individual tests were given later ) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third grade population in each school system . 
	 2.Example sentence: Children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third grade school population were considered under-achievers for the purposes of sample selection . 
	 3.Example sentence: The final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores . 
	 4.Example sentence: Scores are stated in grade equivalents on a national norm . 

Frequency of Synset('degree.n.01'): 92  (a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality)
	 1.Example sentence: It is true , that nothing has been found comparable with electricity by communication ; but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference . 
	 2.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 3.Example sentence: The inventory of tones is much smaller , and commonly the contrasts range along one single dimension , pitch level . 
	 4.Example sentence: The difficulty of analysis of any subsystem in the phonology is an inverse function of the size - smaller systems are more troublesome - for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('promote.v.01.further')
Frequency of Synset('foster.v.01'): 20  (promote the growth of)
	 1.Example sentence: foster and participate in regional , national , and international conferences relating to saline water conversion ; 
	 2.Example sentence: Frequently , wittingly or unwittingly , price consciousness has been fostered by manufacturers , distributors , and dealers . 
	 3.Example sentence: If we were creating a wholly new society , we could insist that our social , political , economic and philosophic institutions foster rather than hamper man ; best growth . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The statutory policy of fostering free competition is obviously furthered when no supplier has an advantage over his competitors from an acquisition of his customer 's stock likely to have the effects condemned by the statute . 

Frequency of Synset('promote.v.01'): 91  (contribute to the progress or growth of)
	 1.Example sentence: Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are they encouraged to take full legal advantage of these benefits ? 
	 3.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 4.Example sentence: conduct , encourage , and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for converting saline water into water suitable for beneficial consumptive purposes ; 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('loss.n.01.loss')
Frequency of Synset('loss.n.01'): 16  (something that is lost)
	 1.Example sentence: Statistically this has represented a loss to the nation , although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in retrospect may have been a wise one . 
	 2.Example sentence: It argued , inter alia , that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and du Pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity . 
	 3.Example sentence: It argued , inter alia , that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and du Pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity . 
	 4.Example sentence: He cannot leave the farm to take work in another locality on short notice ; such a move may mean a loss of capital . 

Frequency of Synset('loss.n.02'): 12  (gradual decline in amount or activity)
	 1.Example sentence: Thermogravimetric analysis showed a weight loss of 1.8 % centered at 337 ` C and another weight loss of 10.8 % at 463 ` C . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thermogravimetric analysis showed a weight loss of 1.8 % centered at 337 ` C and another weight loss of 10.8 % at 463 ` C . 
	 3.Example sentence: The expected weight loss for **f going to **f and **f is 10.6 % . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , **f adsorbs water from the atmosphere and this may account for the low chromium analysis and high total weight loss . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('anticipate.v.02.anticipate')
Frequency of Synset('expect.v.01'): 200  (regard something as probable or likely)
	 1.Example sentence: A Michigan soldier stationed in Georgia wrote in 1864 : `` I expect to be tough as a knott as soon as I get over the Georgia Shitts '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: But the scene was not the quiet , calm scene I 'd expected . 
	 3.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 4.Example sentence: Harris J. Griston , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' . 

Frequency of Synset('predict.v.01'): 35  (make a prediction about; tell in advance)
	 1.Example sentence: Cook Bennett Mathues said Juet had predicted bloodshed on the ship . 
	 2.Example sentence: It really looked as if a change of the sort predicted by Booker T. Washington had been going on . 
	 3.Example sentence: She could always predict what Stanley was going to do , ever since she first met him . 
	 4.Example sentence: What I am here to do is to report on the gyrations of the struggle - a struggle that amounts to self redefinition - to see if we can predict its future course . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('ability.n.02.ability')
Frequency of Synset('ability.n.01'): 18  (the quality of being able to perform; a quality that permits or facilitates achievement or accomplishment)
	 1.Example sentence: Putting the key into the switch , pressing the accelerator with his foot , putting the car into reverse , seemed vast endeavors almost beyond the ability of his shaking body . 
	 2.Example sentence: We must believe we have the ability to affect our own destinies : otherwise why try anything ? 
	 3.Example sentence: The biggest loss , of course , was the individual 's lessened desire and ability to give his services to the growth of his company and our economy . 
	 4.Example sentence: As a creative enterprise , its abilities are primarily in `` swallowing '' creative enterprises developed outside its own organization ( an ability made possible by us , and almost mandatory ) . 

Frequency of Synset('ability.n.02'): 18  (possession of the qualities (especially mental qualities) required to do something or get something done)
	 1.Example sentence: In any case but the last , such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual ; the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining . 
	 2.Example sentence: Henrietta was discovering in the process of writing , as the born writer does , not merely a channel for the discharge of accumulated information but a stimulus to the development of the creative powers of observation , insight and intuition . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course , it can be argued that an ability to write English correctly and with some degree of elegance is a marketable skill . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus the image of man has suffered complete fragmentation in personal and spiritual qualities , and complete objectification in sub-human and quasi mechanistic powers . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('scope.n.01.reach')
Frequency of Synset('range.n.02'): 14  (the limits within which something can be effective)
	 1.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 2.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 3.Example sentence: Another example is the recent cancellation of the F-108 , a long range interceptor with a speed three times as great as the speed of sound , which was designed for use against manned bombers in the period of the mid 1960 's . 
	 4.Example sentence: Notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and deployed , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile . 

Frequency of Synset('scope.n.01'): 64  (an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control:)
	 1.Example sentence: National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . 
	 2.Example sentence: In scope and power it can only be compared to Tolstoy 's War and Peace . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters , of common folk even more than of major figures . 
	 4.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('motivate.v.01.prompt')
Frequency of Synset('motivate.v.01'): 14  (give an incentive for action)
	 1.Example sentence: His cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present . 
	 2.Example sentence: My wish to meet Samuel Beckett had been prompted by simple curiosity and interest in his work . 
	 3.Example sentence: It takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger unities of power and influence and to view one 's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern , devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection . 
	 4.Example sentence: A related question is whether unemployed workers can be motivated to take the training provided . 

Frequency of Synset('prompt.v.03'): 13  (assist (somebody acting or reciting) by suggesting the next words of something forgotten or imperfectly learned)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Do n't forget , there was the hope it would pass for a natural death '' , Pauling reminded him . 
	 2.Example sentence: But she cleans it up very well when I remind her '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: During the summer he had tried to repair some of his losses at the track , and the bare trees reminded him that his pari-mutuel tickets would still be lying , like leaves , in the gutters near Belmont and Saratoga . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this connection , it has been observed that the increasing number of Irish Catholics , priests and laity , in England , while certainly seen as good for Catholicism , is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic English Catholics , especially when these Irishmen offer to remind their Christian brethren of this good . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('being.n.01.being')
Frequency of Synset('being.n.01'): 60  (the state or fact of existing)
	 1.Example sentence: In the care-free indolence of the East he sees the last reflection of the old happy existence , and for that reason he loves it . 
	 2.Example sentence: It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum , next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence . 
	 3.Example sentence: The monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence . 
	 4.Example sentence: A significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of Prandtl numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region . 

Frequency of Synset('organism.n.01'): 13  (a living thing that has (or can develop) the ability to act or function independently)
	 1.Example sentence: The luminosity of the water is now believed to have been caused by the stimulation of vast numbers of the luminescent organism Noctiluca miliaris by the turbulence of the sea . 
	 2.Example sentence: It seems to follow that by and large an antagonism exists between the paleo - and the neocortex as far as emotional reactivity is concerned , and that the balance between the two systems determines the emotional responsiveness of the organism . 
	 3.Example sentence: Since electrical stimulation of the posterior hypothalamus produces the effects of wakefulness while stimulation of the anterior hypothalamus induces sleep , it may be said that the reactivity of the whole organism is altered by a change in the autonomic reactivity of the hypothalamus . 
	 4.Example sentence: The intra nasal instillation of a fluid suspension of infectious agent in an anesthetized animal is far different from exposure , through natural respiration , to aerosolized organisms . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('iniquity.n.01.dark')
Frequency of Synset('dark.n.01'): 25  (absence of light or illumination)
	 1.Example sentence: Then the darkness thinned , and there was light again , and then bright sunlight . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second scene flashed before his mind , the interior of the garage at the new house and the young Bartlett girl turning startled to meet him , the dim dark and the sudden confusion and fear and then the brightness as Mae had clicked on the light . 
	 3.Example sentence: She liked this taste of authority and independence , and , with darkness , was not likely to give it up . 
	 4.Example sentence: He peered closely at Hoag in the gathering darkness . 

Frequency of Synset('night.n.01'): 153  (the time after sunset and before sunrise while it is dark outside)
	 1.Example sentence: His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses , employed at night by a sugar producer . 
	 2.Example sentence: Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach . 
	 3.Example sentence: Parents will drive on Friday night to pick up their daughters after a sorority or House Plan meeting . 
	 4.Example sentence: ( `` I certainly was not at the Dumont last night and my husband could n't have been . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('consciousness.n.01.consciousness')
Frequency of Synset('consciousness.n.01'): 19  (an alert cognitive state in which you are aware of yourself and your situation)
	 1.Example sentence: The consciousness it mirrors may have come earlier to Europe than to America , but it is the consciousness that most `` mature '' societies arrive at when their successes in technological and economic systematization propel them into a time of examining the not strictly practical ends of culture . 
	 2.Example sentence: The consciousness it mirrors may have come earlier to Europe than to America , but it is the consciousness that most `` mature '' societies arrive at when their successes in technological and economic systematization propel them into a time of examining the not strictly practical ends of culture . 
	 3.Example sentence: The mimetic character of the imaginative consciousness tends to express itself in the presentation of artistic forms and materials . 
	 4.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 

Frequency of Synset('awareness.n.01'): 11  (having knowledge of)
	 1.Example sentence: Han 's student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent . 
	 2.Example sentence: Similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field . 
	 3.Example sentence: My intention , therefore , is not to say that Faulkner 's awareness has been confined within the borders of the South , but rather that he has looked at his world as a Southerner and that presumably his outlook is Southern . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Outdoor Education Project took cognizance of the fact , so often overlooked , that athletic activities stressed in most school programs have little or no relationship to the physical and mental needs and interests of later life . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('response.n.01.response')
Frequency of Synset('response.n.01'): 11  (a result)
	 1.Example sentence: All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whether or not it is in the industry 's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase , and the relation of this response to the increase in costs accompanying the wage increase . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whether or not it is in the industry 's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase , and the relation of this response to the increase in costs accompanying the wage increase . 
	 4.Example sentence: Action taken today is often far more valuable than action taken several months later in response to a situation then out of control . 

Frequency of Synset('reaction.n.03'): 18  (a bodily process occurring due to the effect of some antecedent stimulus or agent)
	 1.Example sentence: Neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense organs . 
	 2.Example sentence: And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive - the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response . 
	 3.Example sentence: They began to describe in detail the woman 's capacity for response . 
	 4.Example sentence: He bellowed orders and watched the alert response of some of his men and watched , too , the way a dozen or more turned their heads questioningly toward the shackled figure as though for further instruction . 

Frequency of Synset('answer.n.01'): 43  (a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation)
	 1.Example sentence: Hudson 's reply was to accuse the mate of disloyalty . 
	 2.Example sentence: By 7 : 50 the answer was plain . 
	 3.Example sentence: His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses , employed at night by a sugar producer . 
	 4.Example sentence: In his answer thereto , he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956 , and asserted that his only claim to `` pioneering '' was in 1952 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('meaning.n.02.substance')
Frequency of Synset('substance.n.01'): 17  (the real physical matter of which a person or thing consists)
	 1.Example sentence: To reinforce , and sometimes to replace , the simulated typography , Braque and Picasso began to mix sand and other foreign substances with their paint ; the granular texture thus created likewise called attention to the reality of the surface and was effective over much larger areas . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected meteorological conditions . 
	 3.Example sentence: The name thyroid-stimulating hormone ( TSH ) has been given to a substance found in the anterior pituitary gland of all species of animal so far tested for its presence . 
	 4.Example sentence: Whether this abnormal TSH differs chemically from pituitary TSH , or is , alternatively , normal TSH with its period of effectiveness modified by some other blood constituent , cannot be decided without chemical study of the activity in the blood of these patients and a comparison of the substance responsible for the blood activity with pituitary TSH . 

Frequency of Synset('kernel.n.03'): 12  (the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience)
	 1.Example sentence: George Meredith has said that fervor is the core of style . 
	 2.Example sentence: For Plato , `` imitation '' is twice removed from reality , being a poor copy of physical appearance , which in itself is a poor copy of ideal essence . 
	 3.Example sentence: At any rate , the substance of Eichmann 's testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the SS , and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews , his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to that extent . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is the strategy of blockade , therefore , that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials , Members of Congress , officers in the Pentagon . 

Frequency of Synset('meaning.n.02'): 32  (the idea that is intended)
	 1.Example sentence: The breakdown of classical structures of meaning in all realms of western culture has given rise to several generations of artists who have documented the disintegrative processes . 
	 2.Example sentence: The person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems . 
	 3.Example sentence: And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct . 

Frequency of Synset('message.n.02'): 19  (what a communication that is about something is about)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: As a word of caution , we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types , question , command , statement , or exclamation . 
	 3.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 4.Example sentence: In spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group , the * * f incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if N exceeds about six . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('perceiver.n.01.observer')
Frequency of Synset('perceiver.n.01'): 11  (a person who becomes aware (of things or events) through the senses)
	 1.Example sentence: The artist , unlike the philosopher , is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and rarified high levels of abstraction . 
	 2.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 3.Example sentence: In following this general principle , Mason provides the observer with a natural eye progression from foreground to background , and the illusion of depth is instantly created . 
	 4.Example sentence: He does not insist on telling all he knows about any given subject ; rather his pictures invite the observer to draw on his memory , his imagination , his nostalgia . 

Frequency of Synset('observer.n.02'): 11  (an expert who observes and comments on something)
	 1.Example sentence: Even so astute a commentator as Harold Clurman of The Nation has said that `` Waiting for Godot '' is `` the concentrate of the contemporary European mood of despair '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Observers , in the two school systems studied here , judged the teachers in the structured schools to be more impersonal and demanding , while the atmosphere in the unstructured schools was judged to be more supporting and accepting . 
	 3.Example sentence: After each presentation , the antagonist wrote his judgment of the salesmen ; and so did the observers consisting of the president , three of his salesmen and a psychologist . 
	 4.Example sentence: Each girl was independently `` tested '' by the personnel man , and he served not only as the director , but as the antagonist and the observer . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('grasp.v.01.grasp')
Frequency of Synset('grasp.v.01'): 11  (hold firmly)
	 1.Example sentence: He is the conveyor of a sacred reality by which he has been grasped . 
	 2.Example sentence: In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one 's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught . 
	 3.Example sentence: He moved back to the wheel and stood there blowing , grasping the top of a spoke to still the trembling of his played-out limbs . 
	 4.Example sentence: Pale yellow snapdragons that by pinching could be made to bite ; seed-pods of the balsams that snapped like fire-crackers at a touch ; red and yellow columbines whose round tipped spurs were picked off and eaten for the honey in them ; morning-glory buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a blown-up paper bag ; bright flowers from the trumpet vine that made `` gloves '' on the ends of ten waggling fingers . 

Frequency of Synset('grok.v.01'): 14  (get the meaning of something)
	 1.Example sentence: He could not grasp that Lord had withdrawn from the fight minutes ago , and that his leaden arms were flailing at nothing but the air . 
	 2.Example sentence: He must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the whole - when the whole is too large to grasp . 
	 3.Example sentence: Particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist , some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware , and the recognition of which , as a part of himself , he finds distinctly unwelcome . 
	 4.Example sentence: But at the end of the sitting , when Michelangelo showed him the quick , free drawings , with the mother roughed in , holding her son , the model grasped what Michelangelo was after , and promised to speak to his friends . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('exert.v.01.exert')
Frequency of Synset('exert.v.01'): 26  (put to use)
	 1.Example sentence: Encourage them to exercise their benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise vigilance over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home . 
	 3.Example sentence: The images themselves , like their counterparts in experience , are not neutral qualities to be surveyed dispassionately ; they are fields of force exerting a unique influence on the sensibilities and a unique relatedness to one another . 
	 4.Example sentence: The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it . 

Frequency of Synset('wield.v.01'): 13  (have and exercise)
	 1.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 3.Example sentence: But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was not opposed to either justice or morality ; it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('divide.v.01.divide')
Frequency of Synset('divide.v.01'): 29  (separate into parts or portions)
	 1.Example sentence: He had no apparent comprehension of morality ; he divided humanity into `` right guys '' and `` wrong guys '' , and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under . 
	 2.Example sentence: When prepositional complements are divided as in what are you looking for ? 
	 3.Example sentence: This approach requires that : ( 1 ) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries , and ( 2 ) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be synthesized into a description of the particular word . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , the dictionary is divided into at least two parts : 

Frequency of Synset('divide.v.02'): 11  (perform a division)
	 1.Example sentence: When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart . 
	 2.Example sentence: To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income , divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way . 
	 3.Example sentence: Determine the ratio of 50 % to the average per capita income of the U. S. ( Divide 50 by the result obtained in item 2 above . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: ( Divide the amount being allotted by the result obtained in item 9 above . ) 

Frequency of Synset('separate.v.01'): 22  (act as a barrier between; stand between)
	 1.Example sentence: Another effect discovered is the large coefficient of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences straddling the nitrogen dissociation region are present . 
	 2.Example sentence: Now , as he passed the open counter that divided the assembly room from the business office , he nodded and said good night to the station keeper and his clerks , not stopping to hear the day-watch playback of his chewing out . 
	 3.Example sentence: They would have to go west through the narrow river valley that separated Leyte from Samar and hope that it did n't close in before they returned . 
	 4.Example sentence: The waves are separated by intervals of 15 minutes to an hour or more ( because of their great length ) , and this has often lulled people into thinking after the first great wave has crashed that it is all over . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('vicinity.n.01.neighbourhood')
Frequency of Synset('vicinity.n.01'): 29  (a surrounding or nearby region)
	 1.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 
	 2.Example sentence: If there 's no suitable academy in your own neighborhood , there 's always New England . 
	 3.Example sentence: Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he had n't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he had n't found it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Indeed , in some periods of our history and in some neighborhoods the job opportunities have been so good that undoubtedly a great many boys who were potential members of the professions quit school at an early age and went to work . 

Frequency of Synset('neighborhood.n.02'): 13  (people living near one another)
	 1.Example sentence: Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . 
	 2.Example sentence: In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . 
	 3.Example sentence: It could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes . 
	 4.Example sentence: It could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity , since worship presupposes some local stabilities . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('commit.v.03.commit')
Frequency of Synset('perpetrate.v.01'): 13  (perform an act, usually with a negative connotation)
	 1.Example sentence: Others who wrote of low characters and low life included Thomas Bangs Thorpe , creator of the Big Bear of Arkansas and Tom Owen , the Bee-Hunter ; Johnson Jones Hooper , whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; and George Washington Harris , whose Tennessee hillbilly character Sut Lovingood perpetrated more unmalicious mischief and more unintended pain than any other character in literature . 
	 2.Example sentence: If such a paragon of perfection as Palmer could commit such a scoring sacrilege , there was hope left for all . 
	 3.Example sentence: District Attorney M. W. Mills warned that he would vigorously prosecute persons caught committing these crimes or carrying arms - he just did n't catch anyone . 
	 4.Example sentence: Moreover , the diabetic patient who relies on cure by the quack device and therefore cuts off his insulin intake can be committing suicide . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.18'): 51  (give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause)
	 1.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: While Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine , physics , and astronomy , his brother studied law . 
	 3.Example sentence: The following year he devoted to the customary `` Wanderjahr '' , traveling in Germany , France , and the Netherlands , meeting the philosophers Schelling , Fichte , and Tieck . 
	 4.Example sentence: Eager as he was to pursue this promising line , he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and pharmaceutical faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to `` galvanizing '' . 

Frequency of Synset('invest.v.01'): 11  (make an investment)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: It may not be profitable for a part-time farmer to own the labor-saving machinery that a full-time farmer can invest in profitably . 
	 3.Example sentence: Returns for money and labor invested may be small even in a good year . 
	 4.Example sentence: To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income , divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('labor.n.01.labour')
Frequency of Synset('labor.n.01'): 21  (a social class comprising those who do manual labor or work for wages)
	 1.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 2.Example sentence: Was it supposed , perchance , that A + M ( vocational training , that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the post Civil War period , the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe , to work in the mills , to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the West ? 
	 3.Example sentence: On one of his 1921 ventures he was actually come upon by a Detective Sergeant John J. Ryan down on his knees with a tool embedded in a labour office safe in the Postal Telegraph Building ; the jury wanted better evidence than that and he was acquitted , at a cost of $ 30000 in bribes , it was estimated . 
	 4.Example sentence: They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . 

Frequency of Synset('labor.n.02'): 19  (productive work (especially physical work done for wages))
	 1.Example sentence: `` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . 
	 2.Example sentence: He seems , by some unconscious division of labor , to have given them that one function and no other , leaving communication to the rest of the face . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a three month journey in the dead of winter followed by three months of labor on Mackinac boats . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hard physical labor and undesirable hours are a part of farm life . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('estimate.v.01.estimate')
Frequency of Synset('estimate.v.01'): 50  (judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time))
	 1.Example sentence: Studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities . 
	 2.Example sentence: On one of his 1921 ventures he was actually come upon by a Detective Sergeant John J. Ryan down on his knees with a tool embedded in a labour office safe in the Postal Telegraph Building ; the jury wanted better evidence than that and he was acquitted , at a cost of $ 30000 in bribes , it was estimated . 
	 3.Example sentence: The National Manpower Council of Columbia University has estimated that three out of five skilled workers and one out of five technicians have not been formally trained . 
	 4.Example sentence: All the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a local survey of skill needs , of estimating the growth of local jobs , and of consulting with local employers on the types of courses and their content . 

Frequency of Synset('calculate.v.02'): 36  (judge to be probable)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . 
	 2.Example sentence: The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close . 
	 3.Example sentence: I mean , we all figured - I guess anybody 'd figure - Angie '' - 
	 4.Example sentence: I mean , we all figured - I guess anybody 'd figure - Angie '' - 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('disturb.v.01.trouble')
Frequency of Synset('disturb.v.01'): 16  (move deeply)
	 1.Example sentence: A Yank , disturbed by his increasing corpulence , wrote : `` I am growing so fat I am a burden 2 myself '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: But as November 1924 drew close the Democratic hierarchy was sorely troubled by grapevine reports that O ' Banion was being wooed by the opposition , and was meeting and conferring with important Republicans . 
	 3.Example sentence: They were disturbed by his idiotic bravado - as , when his bodyguard , Yankee Schwartz , complained that he had been snubbed by Dave Miller , a prize-fight referee , chieftain of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation , who were Hirschey , a gambler politician in loose beer running league with Torrio and O ' Banion , Frank , a policeman , and Max , the youngest . 
	 4.Example sentence: To prevent the manager from deliberately controlling himself only during the sessions , they were rather lengthy ( about twenty minutes ) , the situations were imperfectly described to the manager so that he would not know what to expect , new antagonists were brought on the scene unexpectedly , and the antagonists were instructed to deliberately behave in such ways as to upset the manager and get him to operate in a manner for which he had been previously criticized . 

Frequency of Synset('trouble_oneself.v.01'): 18  (take the trouble to do something; concern oneself)
	 1.Example sentence: Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . 
	 2.Example sentence: It 's so much trouble , I do n't usually bother '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: and , Here , I 'll take this , I was before her , you wait on me now or I do n't bother with it , see ! 
	 4.Example sentence: They never troubled themselves about us while we were playing , because the fence formed such a definite boundary and `` Do n't go outside the gate '' was a command so impossible of misinterpretation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('organize.v.04.organise')
Frequency of Synset('organize.v.04'): 14  (bring order and organization to)
	 1.Example sentence: About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . 
	 2.Example sentence: coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; and cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . 
	 3.Example sentence: Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation . 
	 4.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 

Frequency of Synset('form.v.01'): 36  (create (as an entity))
	 1.Example sentence: On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30 th anniversary . 
	 2.Example sentence: In those vocational programs organized with Smith-Hughes money , there may be a close tie between the labor union and a local employer on the one hand and the vocational teacher on the other . 
	 3.Example sentence: During World War 2 , about 7.5 million persons were enrolled in courses organized under two special programs administered by state and local school authorities : ( 1 ) Vocational Education for National Defense , and ( 2 ) War Production Training . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had formed his own task force of three stragglers and led them up the hill in a Fighting Seventh charge . 

Frequency of Synset('organize.v.05'): 11  (arrange by systematic planning and united effort)
	 1.Example sentence: One of these days , I 'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that 's being painted these days , from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism , and then you 'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sets are remarkably elaborate for a road-show that does n't pause long in any one place , and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or obtrusiveness . 
	 3.Example sentence: If , in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends , you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child 's grandmother watching this event , you have begun to be an artist in film ; you are employing the basic technique of film ; you are cutting . 
	 4.Example sentence: Three weeks later following his recovery , armed with a writ issued by the Catskill justice on affidavits prepared by the district attorney , Cook and Russell rode to arrest Martinez . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('retire.v.02.withdraw')
Frequency of Synset('withdraw.v.01'): 16  (pull back or move away or backward)
	 1.Example sentence: Leaving the card room , they moved back through the Palace the way they had come . 
	 2.Example sentence: He drew back his arm to slash the gunbarrel across Jess 's face , but did n't finish the motion . 
	 3.Example sentence: He retreated a step and holstered his own . 
	 4.Example sentence: He backed Jess into a corner , grabbed a handful of the man 's shirtfront , and drew back his right fist . 

Frequency of Synset('remove.v.01'): 104  (remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 2.Example sentence: Will mere debate on that proposition , even though it be free and untrammeled , remove the dross and leave a residue of refined gold ? 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I guess so '' , she said taking a Kleenex from her purse . 
	 4.Example sentence: In there are n't many young people in the neighborhood the modifier young takes dominant stress away from its head people : the fact that the young creatures of interest are people seems rather obvious . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('honor.v.01.honour')
Frequency of Synset('honor.v.01'): 30  (bestow honor or rewards upon)
	 1.Example sentence: Your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70 th Anniversary for the April issue of Sovietskaya Muzyka is accepted with pleasure , because I admire the music of Prokofieff ; and with sober purpose , because the development of Prokofieff personifies , in many ways , the course of music in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics . 
	 2.Example sentence: That his moods , even in his early years , are those of his people , does him honor , as his music honors those who inspired it . 
	 3.Example sentence: In fact , O ' Connor was honoured during the ceremony with the presentation of a $ 2500 diamond stickpin . 
	 4.Example sentence: Living with his watercolors is a vicarious experience of seeing nature distilled through the eyes of a sensitive interpretor , a breath and breadth of the outdoor world to help man honor the Creator of it all . 

Frequency of Synset('respect.v.02'): 11  (show respect towards)
	 1.Example sentence: How can we have a good city unless we respect morality '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed . 
	 3.Example sentence: Since there are almost no schools in the country offering graduate work in interior design this rule cannot at present be observed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now Eileen really would have to settle down to love honor and obey , and she 'd have to quit drinking . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('solution.n.03.solution')
Frequency of Synset('solution.n.01'): 12  (a homogeneous mixture of two or more substances; frequently (but not necessarily) a liquid solution)
	 1.Example sentence: In criticism of the latter 's views , his conclusions were based upon dog lung injection studies in which all of the vascular channels were first filled with a solution under pressure and then were injected with various sized colored particles designed to stop at the arteriolar level . 
	 2.Example sentence: To prepare the latter , silver chloride was precipitated from a solution containing * * f obtained from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory . 
	 3.Example sentence: This chlorine carbon tetrachloride solution was illuminated for a day following which the flask was resealed onto a vacuum system and the excess chlorine distilled off . 
	 4.Example sentence: Following reaction the cells were scratched with a file and opened under a 20 % aqueous sodium iodide solution . 

Frequency of Synset('solution.n.02'): 52  (a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem)
	 1.Example sentence: This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , he continued experimenting and lecturing , publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals . 
	 3.Example sentence: For answers to such questions we must turn to the anthropologists , the biologists , the historians , the psychologists , and the sociologists . 
	 4.Example sentence: Pam found she had no answers ; had only a hope . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('laugh.n.01.laugh')
Frequency of Synset('laugh.n.01'): 24  (the sound of laughing)
	 1.Example sentence: O ' Banion 's reply was a raucous laugh and a flat refusal . 
	 2.Example sentence: Her laugh was hard . 
	 3.Example sentence: Dimly , he heard laughter , hoots of derision , but he could not read the racket properly . 
	 4.Example sentence: I heard the screech of brakes behind me , an insane burst of laughter beneath me . 

Frequency of Synset('joke.n.01'): 14  (a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter)
	 1.Example sentence: There was a question and answer gag that went around at that time : Q. `` Who 'll carry the Forty-second and Forty-third wards '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He smiled thinly , savoring his joke . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` What did you mean by that rattlesnake gag ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Such ambiguous exercises compound confusion by making it worse compounded , and they are sometimes expanded until the cream of the jest sours . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('paint.v.02.paint')
Frequency of Synset('paint.v.01'): 17  (make a painting)
	 1.Example sentence: In we 're painting at our garage strong stress on at indicates that the job being done is not real painting but simply an effort at painting . 
	 2.Example sentence: We all painted in our spare time , and we had all started as easel painters with scholarships , but he was the only one of us who made any regular money at it . 
	 3.Example sentence: We used to kid him by saying he only painted that way because he was so nearsighted . 
	 4.Example sentence: I wanted to paint again . 

Frequency of Synset('paint.v.02'): 13  (apply paint to; coat with paint)
	 1.Example sentence: In we 're painting at our garage strong stress on at indicates that the job being done is not real painting but simply an effort at painting . 
	 2.Example sentence: You used them that time you painted the porch at our other house . 
	 3.Example sentence: You used to paint in them , and then you just took them for rags . 
	 4.Example sentence: In their very first collages , Braque and Picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space - or to be about to do so - while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface . 

Frequency of Synset('paint.v.03'): 11  (make a painting of)
	 1.Example sentence: In the end , I did the same old picture , the naked girl and the guy in the doorway , only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy , gave him a sword instead of a pistol , and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie . 
	 2.Example sentence: Life had included him in its `` Modern American Artists '' series and had photographed him at his studio in the East Sixties ; the corner of it you could see in the photograph looked as though it ought to have Velasquez in it painting the royalty of Spain . 
	 3.Example sentence: One of these days , I 'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that 's being painted these days , from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism , and then you 'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other . 
	 4.Example sentence: During all this time Roy continued to paint , first only on weekends , and then , as the family business permitted , for longer periods . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('dry.v.01.dry')
Frequency of Synset('dry.v.01'): 12  (remove the moisture from and make dry)
	 1.Example sentence: The burning air dried his sweat soaked clothes in salt edged patches . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was spoiled now for seed , and it would sour and mold in three days if they failed to find a place and fuel to dry it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then I dry the sheet under mild pressure so that it will lie flat as a board . 
	 4.Example sentence: I also use a small electric hand blower to dry large washes in the studio . 

Frequency of Synset('dry.v.02'): 11  (become dry or drier)
	 1.Example sentence: When the cloth dried and stiffened , he saw what adjustments had to be made . 
	 2.Example sentence: A very fine , gray solid ( about 15 g ) is formed , water-washed by centrifugation , and dried at 110 ` C . 
	 3.Example sentence: Even before the benches had dried , the Civil War veterans were straggling back to their places . 
	 4.Example sentence: Juanita and Mrs. Tussle kept Kate in bed a week until her milk dried . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('choose.v.01.pick_out')
Frequency of Synset('choose.v.01'): 104  (pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives)
	 1.Example sentence: Choose carefully between contributory or non contributory pension plans . 
	 2.Example sentence: Accident , murder , suicide - take your pick '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Take one side of the street , and I 'll take the other '' , he proposed . 

Frequency of Synset('spot.v.02'): 31  (detect with the senses)
	 1.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 2.Example sentence: And you recognized me '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` But when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times , I knew I had been framed , and withdrew almost at once '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('colony.n.01.settlement')
Frequency of Synset('colony.n.01'): 14  (a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I suppose '' , he muttered , `` I can sell the outfit for enough to send you home to your folks , once we find a settlement '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Seven hundred miles south of York Factory , at `` the Forks '' of the Red and the Assiniboine , twenty-three men located a settlement in August 1812 . 
	 3.Example sentence: By October the little colony about Fort Douglas ( present-day Winnipeg ) numbered 100 . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was the low yield of the Selkirk plots and the ravages of grasshoppers in 1818 that led to the dispersal of the settlement southward . 

Frequency of Synset('village.n.01'): 30  (a community of people smaller than a town)
	 1.Example sentence: His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; they read every book that they could borrow in the village . 
	 3.Example sentence: They look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or eleven thousand villages , with an average of 200 souls . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('seed.n.01.seed')
Frequency of Synset('seed.n.01'): 12  (a small hard fruit)
	 1.Example sentence: It was spoiled now for seed , and it would sour and mold in three days if they failed to find a place and fuel to dry it . 
	 2.Example sentence: He planted the pansy seeds himself , buying them from a pansy specialist . 
	 3.Example sentence: Their seeds produce vigorous blooming plants half again the size of the unimproved strains . 
	 4.Example sentence: I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants . 

Frequency of Synset('source.n.03'): 13  (anything that provides inspiration for later work)
	 1.Example sentence: Yet , after Rousseau had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the General Will , the same philosophy , it may be said , became the idea source of the French Revolution also . 
	 2.Example sentence: And it is clearly argued by Lord Percy of Newcastle , in his remarkable long essay , The Heresy of Democracy , and in a more general way by Voegelin , in his New Science of Politics , that this same Rousseauan idea , descending through European democracy , is the source of Marx 's theory of the dictatorship of the proletariat . 
	 3.Example sentence: A contrast of the scripture reading of , let us say , St. Augustine , John Bunyan , and Thomas Jefferson , all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment , can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is more difficult with Faulkner than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('wood.n.01.wood')
Frequency of Synset('wood.n.01'): 14  (the hard fibrous lignified substance under the bark of trees)
	 1.Example sentence: Then he noticed that the dry wood of the wheels had swollen . 
	 2.Example sentence: I even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made - linden wood covered with leather - so I 'd get the light reflections accurate . 
	 3.Example sentence: Implements of wood and iron are available for close and hasty combat no matter where a man stands . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hank had gathered wood for a cookfire , and his wife was busy at it now . 

Frequency of Synset('forest.n.01'): 18  (the trees and other plants in a large densely wooded area)
	 1.Example sentence: Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs . 
	 2.Example sentence: We are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest , seeking human dignity . 
	 3.Example sentence: Beyond the forest all our paths merge into a single great highway which ends in the barren , eroded hills of Judea . 
	 4.Example sentence: How we travel through the forest is for each man 's conscience . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('bar.v.01.bar')
Frequency of Synset('bar.v.01'): 11  (prevent from entering; keep out)
	 1.Example sentence: He swung toward the front to give the news to Hettie , then stopped , barred from her by the vehemence of her blame and hate . 
	 2.Example sentence: This , however , did not bar finding that du Pont had become pre-eminent as a supplier of automotive fabrics and finishes to General Motors ; that these products constituted a `` line of commerce '' within the meaning of the Clayton Act ; that General Motors ' share of the market for these products was substantial ; and that competition for this share of the market was endangered by the financial relationship between the two concerns : 
	 3.Example sentence: The bulk of the preparation had , of course , proceeded under the supervision of the Ministry of the Interior , whose officials are barred from party activity and probably generally disinterested in party politics . 
	 4.Example sentence: But barring a miracle , and do n't hold your breath for it , Chicago will not see the Leningrad-Kirov Ballet , which stems from the ballet cradle of the Maryinsky and is one of the great companies of the world . 

Frequency of Synset('barricade.v.01'): 11  (render unsuitable for passage)
	 1.Example sentence: Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens . 
	 2.Example sentence: If there is time after the warning , the basement shielding could be improved substantially by blocking windows with bricks , dirt , books , magazines , or other heavy material . 
	 3.Example sentence: Tell your guys not to block the plate '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Someone blocked the door from inside . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('match.v.02.match')
Frequency of Synset('match.v.01'): 33  (be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , 1745 corresponded to the invention of the `` Leiden '' jar by Kleist , 1764 that of the electrophorus by Wilcke , 1782 produced the condenser of Volta , and 1801 the voltaic pile . 
	 2.Example sentence: The voice is light in timbre , with a rough edge that corresponds to his visage . 
	 3.Example sentence: His second conclusion , on semantic word classes , agrees with mine . 
	 4.Example sentence: Its terms will tend to be labile or vague , and they will fit actual languages more and more badly . 

Frequency of Synset('match.v.02'): 12  (provide funds complementary to)
	 1.Example sentence: The present Federal program of vocational education began in 1917 with the passage of the Smith-Hughes Act , which provided a continuing annual appropriation of $ 7 million to support , on a matching basis , state administered programs of vocational education in agriculture , trades , industrial skills and home economics . 
	 2.Example sentence: Throughout the history of the program , state government expenditures in the aggregate have usually matched or exceeded the Federal expenditures , while local districts all together have spent more than either Federal or state governments . 
	 3.Example sentence: The greatest impact of the matching fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds . 
	 4.Example sentence: Are you following competition willy-nilly - trying to match dollar for dollar - or are you experimenting with new means for reaching and influencing consumers ? 

Frequency of Synset('match.v.03'): 14  (bring two objects, ideas, or people together)
	 1.Example sentence: Any abilities I may have were achieved in their present shape from experience in sharing in the growth and control of my business , coupled with raising my family . 
	 2.Example sentence: Continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel , coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means , have now raised serious questions about the value of the high energy fuel program . 
	 3.Example sentence: The dictionary is a form dictionary , at least in the sense that complete forms are used as the basis for matching text occurrences with dictionary entries . 
	 4.Example sentence: The number of dictionary forms skipped since the last one matched is also saved . 

Frequency of Synset('equal.v.02'): 11  (be equal to in quality or ability)
	 1.Example sentence: Besides , he can hardly avoid musing on the instability of death which , what with exhumations and rehabilitations , seems to match that of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: Fury Hanover ( Hoot Mon-Fay ) , Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ) and Isaac ( Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover ) have been working together but have not equalled their best work done some weeks ago . 
	 3.Example sentence: Soon her purring rivaled the chirping of the tree crickets , rivaled the hum of voices from inside the Pod . 
	 4.Example sentence: Soon her purring rivaled the chirping of the tree crickets , rivaled the hum of voices from inside the Pod . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.06'): 15  (satisfy or fulfill)
	 1.Example sentence: It is obvious enough that linguists in general have been less successful in coping with tone systems than with consonants or vowels . 
	 2.Example sentence: Annual authorizations of $ 15 million were added for area vocational education programs that meet national defense needs for highly skilled technicians . 
	 3.Example sentence: Only the Federal government is likely to be able to take a long-run and nation-wide view and to pay for training to meet national skilled manpower needs . 
	 4.Example sentence: These proposals would go far toward creating the economic atmosphere favoring growth of the individual , who , in turn , would help us to cope with runaway technology . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('introduce.v.05.introduce')
Frequency of Synset('introduce.v.01'): 24  (cause to come to know personally)
	 1.Example sentence: Personnel assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops , at which hundreds of school administrators , teachers , professors , and recreational leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education . 
	 2.Example sentence: Jacopo Galli introduced him into several Roman homes . 
	 3.Example sentence: The day following his intervention the palace issued a statement reassuring the citizens that `` the possibility of introducing appeals concerning the establishment of electoral lists , lists of candidates and finally the holding of the consultation itself '' would be supported by the King himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: If the content of faith is to be presented today in a form that can be `` understanded of the people '' - and this , it must not be forgotten , is one of the goals of the perennial theological task - there is no other choice but to abandon completely a mythological manner of representation . 

Frequency of Synset('insert.v.02'): 14  (introduce)
	 1.Example sentence: There are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef cattle : ( 1 ) Fence-line bunks - cattle eat from one side while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by self unloading wagons ; ( 2 ) Mechanized bunks - they sit within the feed lot , are filled by a mechanical conveyor above feeding surface ; ( 3 ) Special bunks - as discussed here , they permit cattle to eat from all sides . 
	 2.Example sentence: Feed is put in with an elevator . 
	 3.Example sentence: It uses both an ultrasonic dimensioning arrangement of the heart and a catheter carrying a thermistor inserted into the bloodstream . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer , mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart 's left ventricle , to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself . 

Frequency of Synset('insert.v.01'): 13  (put or introduce into something)
	 1.Example sentence: The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . 
	 2.Example sentence: The last two writers introduce strong political bias into their works , and not unlike the union leaders that we will discuss soon , see folklore as a reservoir of protest by a downtrodden and publically silenced mass . 
	 3.Example sentence: The anode plug ( Figure 2 ) was inserted into a carbon anode holder . 
	 4.Example sentence: This meant , concretely , that the patient could not read at all without making writing like movements of the head or body , became easily confused by `` hasher marks '' inserted between hand-written words and thus confused the mark for one of the letters , and could recognize a simple straight line or a curved one only by tracing it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('government.n.01.authorities')
Frequency of Synset('government.n.01'): 110  (the organization that is the governing authority of a political unit)
	 1.Example sentence: Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The government forbade Hudson to return to Amsterdam with his ship . 
	 3.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: They supplemented their income by small government assistance , by tutoring and economizing wherever they could . 

Frequency of Synset('authority.n.01'): 20  (the power or right to give orders or make decisions)
	 1.Example sentence: The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was not opposed to either justice or morality ; it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority . 
	 3.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 4.Example sentence: Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts , credit ideas with high potency . 

Frequency of Synset('assurance.n.01'): 15  (freedom from doubt; belief in yourself and your abilities)
	 1.Example sentence: The reason offered for clinging to the ancestral faith lacked force and authority even in the teen-agers ' minds . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the past year there had been too many examples of his euphoric self-confidence and self aggrandisement for their liking . 
	 3.Example sentence: Are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization ; who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume , production , and distribution costs ; and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some assurance ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package . 

Frequency of Synset('agency.n.01'): 48  (an administrative unit of government)
	 1.Example sentence: We said there that it was necessary `` that a registrant be given an opportunity to rebut [ the Department 's ] recommendation when it comes to the Appeal Board , the agency with the ultimate responsibility for classification '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; and cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . 
	 3.Example sentence: coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; and cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The fullest cooperation by and with Atomic Energy Commission , the Department of Health Education and Welfare , the Department of State , and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this Act . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('industry.n.01.industry')
Frequency of Synset('industry.n.01'): 56  (the people or companies engaged in a particular kind of commercial enterprise)
	 1.Example sentence: Some of this trend toward area vocational schools has been related to the problems of persistent labor surplus areas and their desire to attract new industry . 
	 2.Example sentence: A prospective industry also may be interested in the long-run advantages of training programs in the area to supply future skilled workers and provide supplementary extension courses for its employees . 
	 3.Example sentence: Additional courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities , staff and program are in being . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , besides the training provided to youth in school , the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts . 

Frequency of Synset('industry.n.02'): 17  (the organized action of making of goods and services for sale)
	 1.Example sentence: The existence of a public school vocational training program in trade and industry provides a base from which such needs can be filled . 
	 2.Example sentence: While the U. S. Department of Labor has a program of projecting industry and occupational employment trends and publishing current outlook statements , there is little tangible evidence that these projections have been used extensively in local curriculum planning . 
	 3.Example sentence: Many industry trade associations are developing campaigns to protect or enhance the share of the consumer 's dollar being spent on their particular products . 
	 4.Example sentence: We have already witnessed great changes through mergers and acquisitions in the food industry - at both the manufacturing and retail ends . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('miss.v.02.miss')
Frequency of Synset('miss.v.01'): 16  (fail to perceive or to catch with the senses or the mind)
	 1.Example sentence: He knew that anything a brainy little lady like her had to say would be plumb important , as well as pleasin ' to the ear , and he did n't want to miss a word of it . 
	 2.Example sentence: But if there was evidence at the Trial that aimed over Eichmann 's head at his collaborators in the societies where he functioned , the press seems to have missed it . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` You 're missing the point '' , he said . 
	 4.Example sentence: The orchestra is far enough away from you that you miss the bow scrapes , valve clicks , and other noises incidental to playing . 

Frequency of Synset('miss.v.02'): 13  (feel or suffer from the lack of)
	 1.Example sentence: Yes , she had missed it after her talk with Emile , after dinner , just before Emile was shot . 
	 2.Example sentence: Give her time to miss you . 
	 3.Example sentence: The one thing he missed from his farm in the Po Valley was the animals ; frequently he would take his leave of Michelangelo by announcing : 
	 4.Example sentence: She loved him and missed his company . 

Frequency of Synset('neglect.v.01'): 12  (leave undone or leave out)
	 1.Example sentence: The change of emphasis from conventional type to missile type warfare must be made with care , mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not a thought nor a cadence was missed in her summary of appreciation . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was left out of him at birth . 
	 4.Example sentence: How did they miss him when they got Slater ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('competition.n.03.competition')
Frequency of Synset('competition.n.01'): 17  (a business relation in which two parties compete to gain customers)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you actually checked out ( not just mentally tested ) different selling approaches designed to counter the price competition problem ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Your competition is now proportionately greater - you are competing not only against manufacturers in the same field but also against a vast array of manufacturers of other appealing consumer products . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the area of private label competition , it is logical to expect a continuation of trends which have been under way during the first decade . 
	 4.Example sentence: If you are up against private brand competition , have you formulated a long-term program for researching and strengthening your market position ? 

Frequency of Synset('contest.n.01'): 12  (an occasion on which a winner is selected from among two or more contestants)
	 1.Example sentence: When the troupe traveled to New York to participate in a one act play competition - and won - Mercer , instead of returning with the rest of the company in triumph , remained in New York . 
	 2.Example sentence: Periodic bulletins of the accomplishment in each province made the registration process into a kind of competition among provincial officials . 
	 3.Example sentence: Not long ago a newspaper advised those taking part in a contest that `` snapshots must be of a person not larger than * * f inches '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then Dick Hyde , submarine ball hurler , entered the contest and only five batters needed to face him before there existed a 3 - to 3 deadlock . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('ignore.v.01.disregard')
Frequency of Synset('ignore.v.01'): 23  (refuse to acknowledge)
	 1.Example sentence: I grinned , but ignored the question . 
	 2.Example sentence: It ignores the sordid financial aspects ( quite conveniently , too , for his audience , who could indulge in moral indignation without visible , or even conscious , discomfort , their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage ) . 
	 3.Example sentence: They were disturbed by his idiotic bravado - as , when his bodyguard , Yankee Schwartz , complained that he had been snubbed by Dave Miller , a prize-fight referee , chieftain of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation , who were Hirschey , a gambler politician in loose beer running league with Torrio and O ' Banion , Frank , a policeman , and Max , the youngest . 
	 4.Example sentence: We assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that price level increases may offset wage rate increases , and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the `` real '' wage rate . 

Frequency of Synset('dismiss.v.01'): 32  (bar from attention or consideration)
	 1.Example sentence: I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed . 
	 2.Example sentence: In many of the syllables , intonation can be safely ignored , and much of the tonal analysis can be done without any study of intonation . 
	 3.Example sentence: He tried to ignore what his own common sense told him , but it was n't possible ; her motives were too blatant . 
	 4.Example sentence: This second conclusion , independently arrived at by independent study of material from two pairs of language families as different and remote from one another as these four are , cannot be ignored . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('manufacturer.n.01.manufacturer')
Frequency of Synset('manufacturer.n.01'): 16  (a business engaged in manufacturing some product)
	 1.Example sentence: Frequently , wittingly or unwittingly , price consciousness has been fostered by manufacturers , distributors , and dealers . 
	 2.Example sentence: Despite generally good levels of income , we see greater price pressures than ever before - traveling back along the chain from consumer to distributor to manufacturer . 
	 3.Example sentence: To the manufacturer of the more convenient type product - the purchase of which can be switched , delayed , or put off entirely - the implications are important . 
	 4.Example sentence: Your competition is now proportionately greater - you are competing not only against manufacturers in the same field but also against a vast array of manufacturers of other appealing consumer products . 

Frequency of Synset('manufacturer.n.02'): 13  (someone who manufactures something)
	 1.Example sentence: His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses , employed at night by a sugar producer . 
	 2.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . 
	 3.Example sentence: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . 
	 4.Example sentence: Subject to the limitations of this Act , the Secretary shall make stabilization payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly mined ores , or concentrates produced therefrom , as provided in this Act . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('acquisition.n.01.acquisition')
Frequency of Synset('acquisition.n.01'): 11  (the act of contracting or assuming or acquiring possession of something)
	 1.Example sentence: We have already witnessed great changes through mergers and acquisitions in the food industry - at both the manufacturing and retail ends . 
	 2.Example sentence: I am recommending additional acquisitions of the improved version of the B-52 ( the B-52 H with the new turbofan engine ) and procurement of the B-58 supersonic medium bomber , together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case . 
	 3.Example sentence: It rested its decision solely on 7 , which reads in pertinent part : `` [ N ] o corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce . 
	 4.Example sentence: It rested its decision solely on 7 , which reads in pertinent part : `` [ N ] o corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce . 

Frequency of Synset('skill.n.01'): 36  (an ability that has been acquired by training)
	 1.Example sentence: We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes . 
	 2.Example sentence: Also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was required . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student , while still in school , to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation . 
	 4.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('oblige.v.02.bind')
Frequency of Synset('adhere.v.06'): 11  (stick to firmly)
	 1.Example sentence: The lieutenant 's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded , and as Killpath raked the comb through it , it stuck together in thatches so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Stick to the preaching of the Gospel '' ! 
	 3.Example sentence: Water from the snow and water from the towels had run off the kid to the table where the dough was , and the dough was turning pasty , sticking to the kid 's back and behind . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , the formation of organically bound iodine , mainly mono-iodotyrosine , can be accomplished in cell-free systems . 

Frequency of Synset('tie.v.01'): 12  (fasten or secure with a rope, string, or cord)
	 1.Example sentence: Then , one after another , the villagers tied the waiting cotton strings around our wrists . 
	 2.Example sentence: Opposite every gate was a hitching post or a stone carriage step , set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse . 
	 3.Example sentence: I found a trooper once the Apache had spread-eagled on an ant hill , and another time we ran across some teamsters they 'd caught , tied upside down on their own wagon wheels over little fires until their brains was exploded right out o ' their skulls . 
	 4.Example sentence: At that moment the bathroom door flew open and Eugene came out , with his face lathered for shaving , and strode down the hall , tying the sash of his dressing gown as he went . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('beginning.n.04.root')
Frequency of Synset('root.n.01'): 11  ((botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground)
	 1.Example sentence: Swadesh , and therefore Hoijer , felt compelled to omit all terms denoting species or even genera ( fox , vulture , salmon , yellow pine , manzanita ) ; their classes of animal and plant terms are restricted to generalizations or recurrent parts ( fish , bird , tree , grass , horn , tail , bark , root ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: Every morning early , in the summer , we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells , carefully detached their hooked claws from the bark where they hung , and stabled them , a weird faery herd , in an angle between the high roots of the tulip tree , where no grass grew in the dense shade . 
	 3.Example sentence: The curb was a line of stone laid edgewise in the dirt and tilted this way and that by frost in the ground or the roots of trees . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Now '' , said Arlene , eventually , making them both sit in formation on a big root of a live oak , the sort of root that divided itself and made their bottoms sag down and feel comfortable . 

Frequency of Synset('beginning.n.04'): 49  (the place where something begins, where it springs into being)
	 1.Example sentence: Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . 
	 2.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 3.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light diatomic hydrides OH and CH ; somewhat less likely sources are the heavier hydrides SH , SiH , and ScH . 

Frequency of Synset('root.n.03'): 25  ((linguistics) the form of a word after all affixes are removed)
	 1.Example sentence: There are more stems per item in Athabascan , which expresses the fact that the Athabascan languages have undergone somewhat more change in diverging from proto Athabascan than the Yokuts languages from proto Yokuts . 
	 2.Example sentence: The differentiation however is not very much greater , as shown by the fact that Athabascan shows 3.46 stems per meaning slot as against 2.75 for Yokuts , with a slightly greater number of languages represented in our sample : 24 as against 21 . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( On deduction of one-eighth from 3.46 , the stem / item rate becomes 3.03 against 2.75 in equivalent number of languages . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: If word classes differ in their resistance or liability to stem replacement within meaning slot , it is conceivable that individual meanings also differ with fair consistence trans lingually . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('induce.v.01.induce')
Frequency of Synset('induce.v.01'): 11  (cause to arise)
	 1.Example sentence: Holmes is addicted to the use of cocaine and other refreshing stimulants ; he is prone to semi catatonic trances induced by the playing of the vioiln ; he is a recluse , an incredible egotist , a confirmed misogynist . 
	 2.Example sentence: Would not the emotional catharsis eventually brought on by this awfulness have a calming , if not exhausting , effect likely to improve his client 's chances ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Moreover , the dominance in parasympathetic action ( with reciprocal inhibition of the sympathetic ) at the hypothalamic level induces , by its peripheral action , the autonomic symptoms of sleep and , by its action on the cortex , a lessening in the reactivity of the sensory and motor apparatus of the somatic nervous system . 
	 4.Example sentence: Since electrical stimulation of the posterior hypothalamus produces the effects of wakefulness while stimulation of the anterior hypothalamus induces sleep , it may be said that the reactivity of the whole organism is altered by a change in the autonomic reactivity of the hypothalamus . 

Frequency of Synset('induce.v.02'): 122  (cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner)
	 1.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 
	 2.Example sentence: He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 4.Example sentence: As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('associate.v.01.link')
Frequency of Synset('associate.v.01'): 58  (make a logical or causal connection)
	 1.Example sentence: To appreciate this development , we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth century philosophy . 
	 2.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 3.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 
	 4.Example sentence: While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i. e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . 

Frequency of Synset('connect.v.01'): 12  (connect, fasten, or put together two or more pieces)
	 1.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 2.Example sentence: I have no picture in my mind of the garden as a whole - that I could not see - but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the memory : wind-blown , frost-bitten , white chrysanthemums beneath a window , with their brittle brown leaves and their sharp scent of November ; ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty slippered foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , brown edged holes ; hot colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch , where we passed on our way to the pump with the half gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it . 
	 3.Example sentence: This initiates the second step of glossary lookup - connecting the information cell of forms in the text form list to dictionary forms . 
	 4.Example sentence: If cell * * f is an information cell , it and any information cells in the Y-region that have been linked to * * f each contain an address in the W-region where a potentially matching form is stored . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('trust.v.01.trust')
Frequency of Synset('trust.v.01'): 14  (have confidence or faith in)
	 1.Example sentence: But even when the police are honest , they do not trust the private eye . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` O Blessed Virgin Mary , Mother of God and our most gentle queen and mother , look down in mercy upon England , thy '' dowry `` , and upon us all who greatly hope and trust in thee . 
	 3.Example sentence: The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now , with the increasing interdependence between himself and Mij came a knowledge of an obscure need , that of being trusted implicitly by some creature . 

Frequency of Synset('believe.v.03'): 38  (be confident about something)
	 1.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was no way to know , no way to guess whether any one of them was surprised at Sarah 's appearance , believing her to be drugged and senseless - and just possibly dead . 
	 3.Example sentence: That John Locke 's philosophy of the social contract fathered the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence , I believe , we generally accept . 
	 4.Example sentence: We trust that you , as a gun and ammunition dealer , have benefited through additional sales of equipment . 

Frequency of Synset('hope.v.01'): 64  (expect and wish)
	 1.Example sentence: A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: She realized I 'd have to notify the police , but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name . 
	 3.Example sentence: He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . 
	 4.Example sentence: The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('let_go_of.v.01.release')
Frequency of Synset('let_go_of.v.01'): 13  (release, as from one's grip)
	 1.Example sentence: Did men become perfectionists as they grew older , polishing , polishing , reluctant to let go ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He let go of the shirt , and Jess slumped to the floor . 
	 3.Example sentence: Even as the conviction of truth roared through him , shattering his last hope of safety , he was reaching to release the hand brake , to head up the road for home , doing her bidding . 
	 4.Example sentence: Teeth again flashing back at me , the driver released a deluge of Spanish in which `` amigo '' appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound . 

Frequency of Synset('free.v.01'): 14  (grant freedom to; free from confinement)
	 1.Example sentence: It takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger unities of power and influence and to view one 's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern , devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection . 
	 2.Example sentence: The authorities had to release him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thinking the evidence insufficient to get a conviction , he later released him . 
	 4.Example sentence: The figure stopped and one hand was perilously freed from the hamper to scratch the nose . 

Frequency of Synset('publish.v.02'): 38  (prepare and issue for public distribution or sale)
	 1.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 
	 2.Example sentence: In Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation ( Paris , 1813 ) under the title Recherches sur l ' identite des forces chimiques et electriques , a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists . 
	 3.Example sentence: But it is worth pondering that very little has been published on any phase of field techniques in linguistics . 
	 4.Example sentence: assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature , both domestic and foreign , and issue bibliographical data with respect thereto ; 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('float.v.01.drift')
Frequency of Synset('float.v.01'): 15  (be in motion due to some air or water current)
	 1.Example sentence: On April 17 , 1610 , the sturdy little three masted bark , Discovery , weighed anchor in St. Katherine's Pool , London , and floated down the Thames toward the sea . 
	 2.Example sentence: He ai n't gone far '' ! a harsh cry floated to him across the brush . 
	 3.Example sentence: A new idea drifted in from nowhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: A strange wood creature came floating up from a patch of berry bushes . 

Frequency of Synset('roll.v.12'): 23  (move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment)
	 1.Example sentence: A dominant motive is the poet 's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Those souls like to wander off , and must be called back . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs . 
	 4.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('visualize.v.01.picture')
Frequency of Synset('visualize.v.01'): 59  (imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind)
	 1.Example sentence: He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part . 
	 2.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 3.Example sentence: Based on our experience with clients , we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups - the market place itself , marketing methods , and marketing management . 
	 4.Example sentence: They 've worried , they 've lain awake nights , they 've shook at the slightest footstep , they 've pictured their own destruction , and now it 's all over and they can give up . 

Frequency of Synset('picture.v.02'): 40  (show in, or as in, a picture)
	 1.Example sentence: As shown in Figure 1 , there is a connection for communication between every pair of points . 
	 2.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ought not an edifying Trial have made every effort to demonstrate this once and for all by showing how representative types of `` mere '' anti-Semites were drawn step by step into the program of skull bashings and gassings ? 
	 4.Example sentence: They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('invent.v.01.contrive')
Frequency of Synset('plan.v.03'): 50  (make or work out a plan for; devise)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you examined these trends , forecast the effects , and planned your marketing strategy to compete effectively under changing circumstances ? 
	 2.Example sentence: She would n't be wilfully planning his destruction . 
	 3.Example sentence: It can project long-range goals for itself . 
	 4.Example sentence: He seemed very pleased with himself , as though some intricate scheme was working out exactly as he had planned . 

Frequency of Synset('invent.v.01'): 32  (come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a mental effort)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . 
	 4.Example sentence: So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others . 

Frequency of Synset('project.v.10'): 11  (put or send forth)
	 1.Example sentence: His claim was therefore `` so highly exaggerated '' , the Department concluded , that it `` cast doubt upon his veracity and , consequently , upon his sincerity and good faith '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: By an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present , and enjoy the carvings of cavemen and Japanese colour prints ; but the possibility of this effort is bound up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries , and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken place . 
	 3.Example sentence: The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity . 
	 4.Example sentence: The glorious news had been held up pending Heavenly confirmation of the elevation of a new Supreme Bishop , Huey Short - a candidate accepted by the Boone faction after lots had been cast repeatedly . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('lean.v.01.lean')
Frequency of Synset('lean.v.01'): 26  (to incline or bend from a vertical position)
	 1.Example sentence: He tilted his homely face toward the dry bed of the river . 
	 2.Example sentence: He walked up to the lieutenant 's office , leaned wearily against the gun rack that housed four rifles and a gas gun nobody remembered having used and a submachine gun that was occasionally tried out on the Academy Range . 
	 3.Example sentence: Killpath leaned forward ; his foot slipped off the chair and he put it back again , frowning now . 
	 4.Example sentence: Killpath leaned forward again , rocked comfortably with his arms still wrapped around one knee . 

Frequency of Synset('tend.v.01'): 69  (have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined)
	 1.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 
	 2.Example sentence: ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes ; ( 2 ) central cities tend to be more heterogeneous in social composition . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes ; ( 2 ) central cities tend to be more heterogeneous in social composition . 
	 4.Example sentence: They give strict interpretation to William James ' statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('defy.v.01.defy')
Frequency of Synset('defy.v.01'): 12  (resist or confront with resistance)
	 1.Example sentence: Until recently , art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath defying his ulcer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Both types of tube withstood the pressure of approximately 20 atmospheres exerted by the carbon tetrachloride at 220 ` . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nevertheless , there are notably frequent instances of deja vu , in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before , a feeling which , though vague , withstands the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists . 

Frequency of Synset('defy.v.02'): 19  (elude, especially in a baffling way)
	 1.Example sentence: She had the opportunity that few clever women can resist , of showing her superiority in argument over a man . 
	 2.Example sentence: He rather wished he had never got into the business , and still - scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy money . 
	 3.Example sentence: But Blanche had been able to maintain a serene and assured composure in the face of her widowed mother 's continued carping , had been able to resist her urgings to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of matrimony . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this model , then , the industry is presumed to realize that they could successfully resist a change in the basic wage rate , but since such a change is the only effective means to raising prices they may , in circumstances to be spelled out in Part 2 , below , find it to their advantage to allow the wage rise . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('enjoy.v.01.savor')
Frequency of Synset('enjoy.v.01'): 55  (derive or receive pleasure from; get enjoyment from; take pleasure in)
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: Although we enjoyed our rounds of the government offices in Vientiane , with officials offering tea and pleasing conversation in French , we were getting nowhere . 
	 3.Example sentence: Crossing the 4000 - foot width of the Mekong at Champassak , on a raft with an outboard motor , we took off our dusty shirts and enjoyed a veritable ocean breeze . 
	 4.Example sentence: Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . 

Frequency of Synset('taste.v.01'): 11  (have flavor; taste of something)
	 1.Example sentence: If the soup tastes like dishwater , your employees won n't blame the concessionaire . 
	 2.Example sentence: Alison was still sound asleep ; he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag , and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom , which tasted peculiarly of face powder . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was tasting his mouth . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Warren Telegraph stated that many of Rev. Trafton 's remarks were inappropriate and savored strongly of radicalism and fanaticism . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('spot.n.07.spot')
Frequency of Synset('topographic_point.n.01'): 67  (a point located with respect to surface features of some region)
	 1.Example sentence: The most important aims of the Jewish students were as follows : to make the world a better place to live in - 30 per cent ; to get happiness for yourself - 28 per cent ; and financial independence - 21 per cent . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 
	 3.Example sentence: Probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security . 
	 4.Example sentence: the term `` State '' includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any possession of the United States ; and the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof , or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof . 

Frequency of Synset('position.n.06'): 20  (a job in an organization)
	 1.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 2.Example sentence: He sat stiff-backed in a chair that did not swivel , though it was obvious to Gun that Killpath felt his position as acting captain plainly merited a swivel chair . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , it determined that neither this factor , nor `` the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly , each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone , including du Pont 's competitors '' , 353 U. S. , at 607 , outweighed the Government 's claim for relief . 
	 4.Example sentence: The wrong man in the wrong position , perhaps even in a junior position abroad , can be a source of great harm to our policy ; the attitudes of a U.N. delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New York City , or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our Capital , can be easily be directed against the United States and all that it stands for . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mountain.n.01.mountain')
Frequency of Synset('mountain.n.01'): 16  (a land mass that projects well above its surroundings; higher than a hill)
	 1.Example sentence: He dropped down to five hundred feet , swinging a little north of the city of Tacloban , and punched into the opening that showed against the mountain . 
	 2.Example sentence: Still painting , still a kind of modern impressionist , beautiful canvases of mountains and farms . 
	 3.Example sentence: About 1888 J. E. McNaughton of Barnumville and E. G. Bacon became proprietors of the `` Green Mountain Telegraph Company '' , connecting all offices on the Western Union line and extending over the mountain from Barnumville to Peru , Londonderry , South Londonderry , Lowell Lake , Windham , North Windham , Grafton , Cambridgeport , Saxton 's River , and Bellows Falls . 
	 4.Example sentence: Service running through Barnumville and to Bennington County towns east of the mountains was in the hands of the `` Gleason Telephone Company '' in 1925 , but major supervision of telephone lines in Manchester was with the New England Telephone and Telegraph Company , which eventually gained all control . 

Frequency of Synset('batch.n.02'): 15  ((often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 3.Example sentence: Must have cost plenty . 
	 4.Example sentence: That was more like a thought , but not a great deal more . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('run.n.06.run')
Frequency of Synset('run.n.01'): 22  (a score in baseball made by a runner touching all four bases safely)
	 1.Example sentence: A two run homer by Norm Siebern and a solo blast by Bill Tuttle tied the game , and single runs in the eighth and ninth gave the Athletics their fifth victory in eight starts . 
	 2.Example sentence: A two run homer by Norm Siebern and a solo blast by Bill Tuttle tied the game , and single runs in the eighth and ninth gave the Athletics their fifth victory in eight starts . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then Heywood Sullivan , Kansas City catcher , singled up the middle and Throneberry was across with what proved to be the winning run . 
	 4.Example sentence: Rookie southpaw George Stepanovich relieved Hyde at the start of the ninth and gave up the A 's fifth tally on a walk to second baseman Dick Howser , a wild pitch , and Frank Cipriani 's single under Shortstop Jerry Adair 's glove into center . 

Frequency of Synset('test.n.05'): 51  (the act of testing something)
	 1.Example sentence: All of these activities are geared to a top priority communication system , and practice tests have been held to assure that everything will work smoothly . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected meteorological conditions . 
	 4.Example sentence: Figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('score.v.01.score')
Frequency of Synset('score.v.01'): 21  (gain points in a game)
	 1.Example sentence: Only one of the flight scored a direct hit and the rest blew up jungle . 
	 2.Example sentence: Children scoring high in compulsivity were those who gave evidence of tension or emotionality in situations where there was lack of organization or conformity to standards and expectations , or who made exaggerated efforts to achieve these goals . 
	 3.Example sentence: If a child with an I. Q. of 120 scored 5.5 in achievement , his discrepancy score would be + .7 , representing .7 of one year of over-achievement . 
	 4.Example sentence: If such a child scored 3.0 , his discrepancy score would be - .5 , representing .5 of one year of under-achievement . 

Frequency of Synset('score.v.02'): 12  (make small marks into the surface of)
	 1.Example sentence: Back of clay scored or roughened for proper gripping surface . 
	 2.Example sentence: Bevel and score ends of clay piece A so that they overlap about 1 2 '' and make even thickness . 
	 3.Example sentence: Join B to bottom of A , scoring and reinforcing with clay coil . 
	 4.Example sentence: Score plain side of C and leave in mold . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('typify.v.02.stand_for')
Frequency of Synset('typify.v.02'): 45  (express indirectly by an image, form, or model; be a symbol)
	 1.Example sentence: The Congress of Vienna is a convenient starting point because it both epitomized and symbolized what was to follow . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted 's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . 
	 3.Example sentence: In all his miscalculations , Stravinsky made the fatal historical blunder of presuming that he could transform other composers ' inspirations - representing many peoples , time periods and styles - into his own music by warping the harmony , melody , or form , to verify his own experiments . 
	 4.Example sentence: When a word represents a larger construction of which it is the only expressed part , it normally has more stress than it would have in fully expressed construction . 

Frequency of Synset('mean.v.03'): 46  (denote or connote)
	 1.Example sentence: Boun My - the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky - was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the village of Soukhouma , which means `` Peaceful '' , we had a baci . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 

Frequency of Synset('represent.v.01'): 38  (take the place of or be parallel or equivalent to)
	 1.Example sentence: This conformity represents a desperate attempt to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment . 
	 2.Example sentence: Many of the suggested systems seem to have only the most tenuous relationship to the language structures that they purport to represent . 
	 3.Example sentence: the stress on have , which here represents have finished reading the paper , is quite strong . 
	 4.Example sentence: In Mack 's the leader at camp , but Jack is here the is of the second main declarative represents is the leader and therefore has stress . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('result.n.03.outcome')
Frequency of Synset('result.n.03'): 40  (something that results)
	 1.Example sentence: What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The important result , however , was that Juet and Francis Clemens , the deposed boatswain , became Hudson 's sworn enemies . 
	 3.Example sentence: Russ visited two places without result and his blood pressure was down to zero . 
	 4.Example sentence: Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 * * f , with an uncertainty of 0.10 * * f . 

Frequency of Synset('consequence.n.01'): 199  (a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon)
	 1.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 
	 2.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: One result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('farther.r.02.farther')
Frequency of Synset('further.r.01'): 35  (to or at a greater extent or degree or a more advanced stage (`further' is used more often than `farther' in this abstract sense))
	 1.Example sentence: He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim - all in violation of the Fifth Amendment . 
	 2.Example sentence: The transmutation of mission to co-optation is further indicated by the insignificance of educational activities , worship , preaching , and publicity in reaching new members . 
	 3.Example sentence: To be checked out further . 
	 4.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 

Frequency of Synset('far.r.01'): 58  (to a considerable degree; very much)
	 1.Example sentence: While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous . 
	 2.Example sentence: Despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; they are priceless even though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page ; they are the most valuable of commodities - and the most salable , for their demand far exceeds supply . 
	 3.Example sentence: Research , on the other hand , has shown many stepmothers to be eminently successful , some far better than the real mothers . 
	 4.Example sentence: Second , the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son . 

Frequency of Synset('far.r.02'): 27  (at or to or from a great distance in space)
	 1.Example sentence: But there remained one mysterious , unexplored gap , far to the north . 
	 2.Example sentence: A group of sailors announced to Hudson that they would sail no farther . 
	 3.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 4.Example sentence: He ai n't gone far '' ! a harsh cry floated to him across the brush . 

Frequency of Synset('far.r.03'): 18  (at or to a certain point or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: Had the Communist led Pathet Lao finally come this far ? 
	 2.Example sentence: While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i. e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual . 
	 4.Example sentence: His son watched until he got as far as the hall , almost out of sight , then hurried after . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('leadership.n.02.leaders')
Frequency of Synset('leadership.n.02'): 15  (the body of people who lead a group)
	 1.Example sentence: And by the time the war ended , liberal leadership in this country was spiritually Marxist . 
	 2.Example sentence: During the next five years the leaders of the Fair Deal reluctantly backed down from the optimistic expectations of the New Deal . 
	 3.Example sentence: During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment - and the bitterest irony - enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1952 , it will be remembered , the G. O. P. without positive program campaigned on the popular disillusionment with liberal leadership and won overwhelmingly . 

Frequency of Synset('leader.n.01'): 23  (a person who rules or guides or inspires others)
	 1.Example sentence: On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . 
	 2.Example sentence: Jackson runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader . 
	 3.Example sentence: In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both Negro and white , should devote far more attention . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('assail.v.01.assail')
Frequency of Synset('assail.v.01'): 13  (attack someone physically or emotionally)
	 1.Example sentence: I saw a piece the other day assailing William Buckley , author of Man And God At Yale and publisher of the National Review , as no conservative at all , but an old liberal . 
	 2.Example sentence: When the Korean war began , on June 25 , 1950 , the anniversary of the day Custer had gone down fighting at the Little Big Horn and the day the regiment had assaulted the beachhead of Leyte during World War 2 , , the 7 th Cavalry was not in the best fighting condition . 
	 3.Example sentence: Brannon , you 've assaulted a law officer and '' - 
	 4.Example sentence: Alex suppressed those expressions of relief which offered to prevail in his face and escape from his throat ; unwarranted they were in any case for , as he stood facing the fille de chambre , his ears were assailed by new sounds from the interior of the shower room . 

Frequency of Synset('attack.v.01'): 21  (launch an attack or assault on; begin hostilities or start warfare with)
	 1.Example sentence: The enemy had filtered across the river during the night and a full force of 1000 men , armed with Russian machine guns , attacked the position held by Chandler 's men . 
	 2.Example sentence: He refused to change his approach , and instead he attacked high and low - the officials for their not backing him , and subordinates for their laxness , stupidity , and stubbornness . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` While Henry Morgan was escorting Miss Vera Green from the church social last Saturday night , a savage dog attacked them and bit Mr. Morgan on the public square '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: But while the two men are riding into the country , where they are going to dinner , they are attacked in the dark of the forest by a band of thieves , who strip them of everything , including most of their clothes . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('guarantee.v.02.ensure')
Frequency of Synset('guarantee.v.02'): 39  (make certain of)
	 1.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 2.Example sentence: Is there some magic in it that assures results ? 
	 3.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 4.Example sentence: Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society ; and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests . 

Frequency of Synset('see.v.10'): 48  (be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something)
	 1.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 4.Example sentence: He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess 's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('necessity.n.02.necessity')
Frequency of Synset('necessity.n.01'): 11  (the condition of being essential or indispensable)
	 1.Example sentence: There is no necessity , I suppose , to assert that Mr. Faulkner is Southern . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` As to the necessity '' , the committee declared , `` for some form of effective control of the size of the family and the spacing of children , and consequently of control of conception , there can be no question . 
	 3.Example sentence: Provided , That if the total award is not over $ 500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates ; 
	 4.Example sentence: The city had recently given him a small salary , but it was not enough to supply even necessities . 

Frequency of Synset('necessity.n.02'): 25  (anything indispensable)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you studied the caliber and sales approaches of your sales force in relation to requirements for effective marketing ? 
	 2.Example sentence: I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity . 
	 3.Example sentence: Within a few years various du Pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of General Motors ' eight operating divisions . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The fact that sticks out in this voluminous record is that the bulk of du Pont 's production has always supplied the largest part of the requirements of the one customer in the automobile industry connected to du Pont by a stock interest . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('deviate.v.02.depart')
Frequency of Synset('go.v.03'): 52  (move away from a place into another direction)
	 1.Example sentence: Time to go , I supposed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pat let him go , following more leisurely . 
	 3.Example sentence: You go ' n ' have a look round for it '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 

Frequency of Synset('deviate.v.02'): 26  (be at variance with; be out of line with)
	 1.Example sentence: The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a 6 % increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1 , 1958 . 
	 2.Example sentence: A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region . 
	 3.Example sentence: Second , for both sexes , the 21 transverse lines in the Onset Profile vary more in individual spread than those in the Completion Profile . 
	 4.Example sentence: Research at Fayette , Missouri on oxidation ponds has shown that the BOD in the treated effluent varied from 30 to 53 mg / l with loadings from 8 to 120 lb BOD / day / acre . 

Frequency of Synset('depart.v.03'): 20  (leave)
	 1.Example sentence: Hitching his cartridge belt around , Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side . 
	 2.Example sentence: Looking the setup over , Stevens started coolly for the rear of the place . 
	 3.Example sentence: Clapping spurs to the bronc he set off at a sharp canter , with growing alarm . 
	 4.Example sentence: Vastly relieved , Summers nodded and started toward the door . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.08'): 14  (remove oneself from an association with or participation in)
	 1.Example sentence: And they can at least collect the money they put in , plus interest , when they leave the company . 
	 2.Example sentence: In general , however , it may be said that when a boy or a girl leaves the high school , the school authorities play little or no part in the decision of what happens next . 
	 3.Example sentence: He cannot leave the farm to take work in another locality on short notice ; such a move may mean a loss of capital . 
	 4.Example sentence: After the diagnosing , he left the course , convinced that it could do him no good . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('measure.n.01.measure')
Frequency of Synset('measure.n.01'): 41  (any maneuver made as part of progress toward a goal)
	 1.Example sentence: He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . 
	 2.Example sentence: That 's a big step toward a modern state . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was to be expected that Stanley would be shy , slow in taking such a momentous step . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this presumption it is an easy step to the conclusion that any observed increases in the basic wage rate must be due to union behavior different and more aggressive than assumed in our model . 

Frequency of Synset('measure.n.02'): 34  (how much there is or how many there are of something that you can quantify)
	 1.Example sentence: With troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground , it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication . 
	 2.Example sentence: He cleansed his mouth with a small quantity . 
	 3.Example sentence: Part-time farmers generally must pay higher prices for supplies than full-time farmers because they buy in smaller quantities . 
	 4.Example sentence: List the kind and quantity of things the farm can be expected to produce in an average year . 

Frequency of Synset('bill.n.01'): 24  (a statute in draft before it becomes law)
	 1.Example sentence: A further possibility is suggested by the example of the G. I. bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education : that is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate . 
	 2.Example sentence: Daniel personally led the fight for the measure , which he had watered down considerably since its rejection by two previous Legislatures , in a public hearing before the House Committee on Revenue and Taxation . 
	 3.Example sentence: He told the committee the measure would merely provide means of enforcing the escheat law which has been on the books `` since Texas was a republic '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The bill , which Daniel said he drafted personally , would force banks , insurance firms , pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer . 

Frequency of Synset('standard.n.01'): 15  (a basis for comparison; a reference point against which other things can be evaluated)
	 1.Example sentence: Indeed , contract was the dominant legal theme of the century , the touchstone of the free society . 
	 2.Example sentence: Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis . 
	 3.Example sentence: In addition to the basic programs in wavelength standards , spectroscopy , solid state physics , interactions of the free electron and atomic constants which are necessary to provide the foundation for technological progress , the Bureau has strengthened its activities in laboratory astrophysics . 
	 4.Example sentence: The programs in infrared spectroscopy are undergoing reorientation toward wavelength standards in the far infrared , the application of infrared techniques to solid state studies , and increased emphasis on high resolution instrumentation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('injury.n.01.harm')
Frequency of Synset('injury.n.01'): 18  (any physical damage to the body caused by violence or accident or fracture etc.)
	 1.Example sentence: the causes of injuries and health hazards in metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; 
	 2.Example sentence: Or you could hope the parachute would n't open just so you could say you saw it not open , not because you meant any harm to Starkey Poe in his suit of red underwear , but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid - a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant , but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice : `` I think I 'm pregnant '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: I meant him no harm . 
	 4.Example sentence: I 've given willful hurt to no man . 

Frequency of Synset('damage.n.01'): 14  (the occurrence of a change for the worse)
	 1.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: When late in the summer the full extent of the damage was assessed , all but fifty of the Scots , Swiss and metis moved up the Red to the mouth of the Pembina river . 
	 3.Example sentence: The wrong man in the wrong position , perhaps even in a junior position abroad , can be a source of great harm to our policy ; the attitudes of a U.N. delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New York City , or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our Capital , can be easily be directed against the United States and all that it stands for . 
	 4.Example sentence: But not a single human life was lost , and property damage in the Hawaiian Islands did not exceed $ 800000 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('evaluation.n.01.rating')
Frequency of Synset('evaluation.n.02'): 12  (an appraisal of the value of something)
	 1.Example sentence: Two data centers have been established for the collection , indexing , critical evaluation , and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections . 
	 2.Example sentence: The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood . 
	 3.Example sentence: These examples underscore the importance of even more searching evaluations of new major development programs and even more penetrating and far ranging analyses of the potentialities of future technology . 
	 4.Example sentence: The two ratings yield a correlation of + .04 , which is not significantly different from zero ; therefore , we have measured two different characteristics . 

Frequency of Synset('evaluation.n.01'): 11  (act of ascertaining or fixing the value or worth of)
	 1.Example sentence: School principals and guidance workers made ratings of the various neighborhoods and the research team made independent observations of houses and dwelling areas . 
	 2.Example sentence: The rating scale of compulsivity was constructed by first perusing the interview records , categorizing all evidence related to compulsivity , then arranging a distribution of such information apart from the case records . 
	 3.Example sentence: Final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the discovered norms . 
	 4.Example sentence: Analysis means the evaluation of subparts , the comparative ratings of parts , the comprehension of the meaning of isolated elements . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('yield.v.01.yield')
Frequency of Synset('yield.v.01'): 176  (be the cause or source of)
	 1.Example sentence: Not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage . 
	 2.Example sentence: A Yankee sergeant gave the following description of his sweetheart : `` My girl is none of your one-horse girls . 
	 3.Example sentence: A Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of diarrhoea : `` I have bin a little sick with diorah two or three days . 
	 4.Example sentence: The PM might show he drowned instead , but that 's what the once-over-lightly gives us . 

Frequency of Synset('render.v.04'): 25  (give or supply)
	 1.Example sentence: When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart . 
	 2.Example sentence: I 've given willful hurt to no man . 
	 3.Example sentence: A tavern , filling station , junk yard , rendering plant , or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value . 
	 4.Example sentence: The dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were : * * f This was not , of course , enough sampling to give a satisfactory description of the vertical diffusion of the aerosol . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.09'): 19  (cause to happen or be responsible for)
	 1.Example sentence: Debate rid us of McCarthy but did not give us much that is positive . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not only did the ideal entrepreneur not produce the greatest good for the greatest number , he ended by destroying himself , by giving birth to monopoly capitalism . 
	 3.Example sentence: Yet , after Rousseau had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the General Will , the same philosophy , it may be said , became the idea source of the French Revolution also . 
	 4.Example sentence: Solid blocks are recommended because hollow blocks would have to be filled with concrete to give effective protection . 

Frequency of Synset('concede.v.02'): 11  (be willing to concede)
	 1.Example sentence: I granted this might be so , but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously . 
	 2.Example sentence: Socialism , I grant , has a definite place in our society . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1930 , the Lambeth Conference again affirmed the primary purpose of marriage to be the procreation of children , but conceded that , in certain limited circumstances , contraception might be morally legitimate . 
	 4.Example sentence: And even as she , having indeed a husband , Adam , but being nevertheless as yet a virgin , having become disobedient , was made the cause of death , both to herself and to the entire human race ; so also did Mary , having a man betrothed [ to her ] , and being nevertheless a virgin , by yielding obedience , become the cause of salvation , both to herself and the whole human race '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('standard.n.01.criterion')
Frequency of Synset('standard.n.01'): 15  (a basis for comparison; a reference point against which other things can be evaluated)
	 1.Example sentence: Indeed , contract was the dominant legal theme of the century , the touchstone of the free society . 
	 2.Example sentence: Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis . 
	 3.Example sentence: In addition to the basic programs in wavelength standards , spectroscopy , solid state physics , interactions of the free electron and atomic constants which are necessary to provide the foundation for technological progress , the Bureau has strengthened its activities in laboratory astrophysics . 
	 4.Example sentence: The programs in infrared spectroscopy are undergoing reorientation toward wavelength standards in the far infrared , the application of infrared techniques to solid state studies , and increased emphasis on high resolution instrumentation . 

Frequency of Synset('criterion.n.02'): 13  (the ideal in terms of which something can be judged)
	 1.Example sentence: But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: But people can n't be made to integrate , socialize ( the two are inseparable by Southern standards ) by law . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the detective insists upon retaining his personal standards , he must now do so in conscious defiance of his society . 
	 4.Example sentence: Children scoring high in compulsivity were those who gave evidence of tension or emotionality in situations where there was lack of organization or conformity to standards and expectations , or who made exaggerated efforts to achieve these goals . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('speculate.v.01.speculate')
Frequency of Synset('speculate.v.01'): 24  (to believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds)
	 1.Example sentence: And know , while all this went on , that there was no real reason to suppose that the murderer had been a guest in either hotel . 
	 2.Example sentence: One of the obvious conclusions we can make on the basis of the last election , I suppose , is that we , the majority , were dissatisfied with Eisenhower conservatism . 
	 3.Example sentence: We speculate that compulsives in the unstructured schools are under greater strain because of the lack of systemization in their school setting , but that their need to organize ( for comfort ) is so intense that they struggle to induce the phonic rules and achieve in spite of the lack of direction from the environment . 
	 4.Example sentence: The myth of the Southern plantation has had only a tangential relation with actuality , as Francis Pendleton Gaines showed forty years ago , and I suspect it has had a far narrower acceptance as something real than has generally been supposed . 

Frequency of Synset('chew_over.v.01'): 17  (reflect deeply on a subject)
	 1.Example sentence: A splendid vote of confidence in Thayer , Madden reflected . 
	 2.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 3.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 4.Example sentence: Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('attack.v.05.attack')
Frequency of Synset('attack.v.01'): 21  (launch an attack or assault on; begin hostilities or start warfare with)
	 1.Example sentence: The enemy had filtered across the river during the night and a full force of 1000 men , armed with Russian machine guns , attacked the position held by Chandler 's men . 
	 2.Example sentence: He refused to change his approach , and instead he attacked high and low - the officials for their not backing him , and subordinates for their laxness , stupidity , and stubbornness . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` While Henry Morgan was escorting Miss Vera Green from the church social last Saturday night , a savage dog attacked them and bit Mr. Morgan on the public square '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: But while the two men are riding into the country , where they are going to dinner , they are attacked in the dark of the forest by a band of thieves , who strip them of everything , including most of their clothes . 

Frequency of Synset('assail.v.01'): 13  (attack someone physically or emotionally)
	 1.Example sentence: I saw a piece the other day assailing William Buckley , author of Man And God At Yale and publisher of the National Review , as no conservative at all , but an old liberal . 
	 2.Example sentence: When the Korean war began , on June 25 , 1950 , the anniversary of the day Custer had gone down fighting at the Little Big Horn and the day the regiment had assaulted the beachhead of Leyte during World War 2 , , the 7 th Cavalry was not in the best fighting condition . 
	 3.Example sentence: Brannon , you 've assaulted a law officer and '' - 
	 4.Example sentence: Alex suppressed those expressions of relief which offered to prevail in his face and escape from his throat ; unwarranted they were in any case for , as he stood facing the fille de chambre , his ears were assailed by new sounds from the interior of the shower room . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('evaluate.v.02.judge')
Frequency of Synset('judge.v.01'): 11  (determine the result of (a competition))
	 1.Example sentence: Such an instrument is expected to be especially useful if it could be used to measure the elasticity of heavy pastes such as printing inks , paints , adhesives , molten plastics , and bread dough , for the elasticity is related to those various properties termed `` length '' , `` shortness '' , `` spinnability '' , etc. , which are usually judged by subjective methods at present . 
	 2.Example sentence: From there on , each Junior was going to be judged individually . 
	 3.Example sentence: This thoughtful gesture was well received by the Juniors as the Class had an entry of 46 Juniors and it took approximately one hour , 45 minutes to judge the Class . 
	 4.Example sentence: This year Anne Hone Rogers , outstanding Handler , judged the Class . 

Frequency of Synset('estimate.v.01'): 50  (judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time))
	 1.Example sentence: Studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities . 
	 2.Example sentence: On one of his 1921 ventures he was actually come upon by a Detective Sergeant John J. Ryan down on his knees with a tool embedded in a labour office safe in the Postal Telegraph Building ; the jury wanted better evidence than that and he was acquitted , at a cost of $ 30000 in bribes , it was estimated . 
	 3.Example sentence: The National Manpower Council of Columbia University has estimated that three out of five skilled workers and one out of five technicians have not been formally trained . 
	 4.Example sentence: All the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a local survey of skill needs , of estimating the growth of local jobs , and of consulting with local employers on the types of courses and their content . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('subject.n.01.topic')
Frequency of Synset('subject.n.01'): 31  (the subject matter of a conversation or discussion)
	 1.Example sentence: Indeed , contract was the dominant legal theme of the century , the touchstone of the free society . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories , each depicting a special phase of the general subject . 
	 3.Example sentence: And she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December . 
	 4.Example sentence: New Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence , as Jefferson explained in his `` Autobiography '' : `` The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia , who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it . 

Frequency of Synset('topic.n.02'): 40  (some situation or event that is thought about)
	 1.Example sentence: Location theorists have given these matters much consideration . 
	 2.Example sentence: Dr. Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the Century Magazine or Harper 's but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in The Messenger , `` so our readers will be benefited instead '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Under her father 's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('net_income.n.01.earnings')
Frequency of Synset('net_income.n.01'): 16  (the excess of revenues over outlays in a given period of time (including depreciation and other non-cash expenses))
	 1.Example sentence: He rather wished he had never got into the business , and still - scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy money . 
	 2.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 3.Example sentence: The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . 
	 4.Example sentence: When , as a diplomatic gesture of amity and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the April election , Torrio had given O ' Banion a slice of Cicero , the profits from that district had been $ 20000 a month . 

Frequency of Synset('wage.n.01'): 20  (something that remunerates)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Do you insist that unneeded salary employees take their vacations during plant shutdowns ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 4.Example sentence: Require each employee to work his last shift both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('total.v.01.number')
Frequency of Synset('total.v.01'): 27  (add up in number or quantity)
	 1.Example sentence: In six years , U. S. aid had amounted to more than $ 1.60 for each American - a total of three hundred million dollars . 
	 2.Example sentence: New obligational authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement ( excluding amounts for related research and construction ) totals $ 4753 million , which is $ 1390 million below that enacted for 1960 . 
	 3.Example sentence: By October the little colony about Fort Douglas ( present-day Winnipeg ) numbered 100 . 
	 4.Example sentence: Seven million families would total 30 million Americans or more . 

Frequency of Synset('count.v.01'): 22  (determine the number or amount of)
	 1.Example sentence: Count what you 've got there , Cobb . 
	 2.Example sentence: The King Arthur had fifty-four overnighters , again counting rooms rather than people . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Think I can n't count '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Local jobs can be seen and counted , while opportunities elsewhere are regarded as more hypothetical . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('get_down.v.07.set_out')
Frequency of Synset('get_down.v.07'): 436  (take the first step or steps in carrying out an action)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth 's glance began to flicker to his watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 4.Example sentence: The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman . 

Frequency of Synset('depart.v.03'): 20  (leave)
	 1.Example sentence: Hitching his cartridge belt around , Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side . 
	 2.Example sentence: Looking the setup over , Stevens started coolly for the rear of the place . 
	 3.Example sentence: Clapping spurs to the bronc he set off at a sharp canter , with growing alarm . 
	 4.Example sentence: Vastly relieved , Summers nodded and started toward the door . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('repair.v.01.repair')
Frequency of Synset('repair.v.01'): 24  (restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: Rev , George and Lolotte were mending shoes . 
	 3.Example sentence: And even with her limited knowledge of such things , she knew that the car could be repaired there ; sufficiently , at least , to get them back into town . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then , with a shrug of pretended indifference , she took a compact from her purse and went through the motions of fixing her make-up . 

Frequency of Synset('animate.v.04'): 11  (give new life or energy to)
	 1.Example sentence: Equally a master of prose and verse , he recreates the glory of Sweden in the past and continues it into the present . 
	 2.Example sentence: Though his inner thoughts cringed at it , he forced himself to think back , recreating the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him molesting the child . 
	 3.Example sentence: William Gilmore Simms , sturdy realist that he was , pleaded for a natural robustness such as he found in his favorites the great Elizabethans , to vivify the pale writings being produced around him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve , vary and recreate through oral transmission . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('double_over.v.01.double')
Frequency of Synset('double.v.01'): 12  (increase twofold)
	 1.Example sentence: Gracias '' , I hollered , my first long swallow filling me with confidence and immediately doubling the size of my Spanish vocabulary . 
	 2.Example sentence: He threw out some of Hutchins ' more wildly experimental courses , raised sagging undergraduate enrollment to 2100 , nearly doubled endowment to $ 139.3 million . 
	 3.Example sentence: Last month in Ghana an American missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been doubled . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the area of `` community health services '' , the President called for doubling the present 10 million dollar a year federal grants for nursing home construction . 

Frequency of Synset('duplicate.v.01'): 14  (make or do or perform again)
	 1.Example sentence: The first eight of these eighteen statements , which received at least one-half of the votes , were duplicated to form an analysis checklist for the particular manager , and when this particular manager roleplayed in other situations , the members checked any items that appeared . 
	 2.Example sentence: After the male and female andrenas have mated , the cycle is repeated . 
	 3.Example sentence: Great actors and actresses - the most notable being Sarah Bernhardt - were hired to repeat their stage performances before the camera . 
	 4.Example sentence: This would mean , it can readily be seen , that , again , for each new visual experience the tracing motions would have to be repeated because of the absence of visual imagery . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('blink_of_an_eye.n.01.instant')
Frequency of Synset('blink_of_an_eye.n.01'): 11  (a very short time (as the time it takes the eye to blink or the heart to beat))
	 1.Example sentence: He tightened up in a twinkling . 
	 2.Example sentence: From above one could only occasionally catch a glimpse of life on the floor of this green sea : a neighbor 's gingham skirt flashing into sight for an instant on the path beneath her grape-arbor , or the movement of hands above a clothesline and the flutter of garments hung there , half-way down the block . 
	 3.Example sentence: For an instant his men hesitated , unable to believe that their lieutenant , the most popular officer in the regiment , was dead . 
	 4.Example sentence: A split second later , the distant crack of a rifle had sounded . 

Frequency of Synset('moment.n.01'): 78  (a particular point in time)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world 's giants . 
	 3.Example sentence: If he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested , he had his answer a moment later . 
	 4.Example sentence: The long minute before he reached effective cover seemed endless . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('adulthood.n.01.maturity')
Frequency of Synset('adulthood.n.01'): 17  (the period of time in your life after your physical growth has stopped and you are fully developed)
	 1.Example sentence: From maturity one looks back at the succession of years , counts them and makes them many , yet cannot feel length in the number , however large . 
	 2.Example sentence: The lower portion provides a rating at any stage between infancy and adulthood . 
	 3.Example sentence: Many other ( probably nearly all ) snakes at maturity are already more than half their final length . 
	 4.Example sentence: Laurence M . Klauber put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some rattlesnakes , and Charles C . Carpenter 's data on Michigan garter and ribbon snakes ( Thamnophis ) show that the smallest gravid females are more than half as long as the biggest adults . 

Frequency of Synset('maturity.n.02'): 11  (state of being mature; full development)
	 1.Example sentence: The Maturity Chart for each sex demonstrates clearly that Onset is a phenomenon of infancy and early childhood whereas Completion is a phenomenon of the later portion of adolescence . 
	 2.Example sentence: There the middle one of the three curves denotes `` mean Skeletal Age '' for the Maturity Series boys and girls . 
	 3.Example sentence: To summarize the purpose of the Skeletal Maturity Chart : each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers . 
	 4.Example sentence: To summarize the purpose of the Skeletal Maturity Chart : each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('survive.v.01.endure')
Frequency of Synset('digest.v.03'): 36  (put up with something or somebody unpleasant)
	 1.Example sentence: Can they stand rigid scrutiny ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Shakespeare 's wit and wisdom , his profound insight into human nature , have stood the test of centuries . 
	 3.Example sentence: In any case but the last , such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual ; the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining . 
	 4.Example sentence: Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? 

Frequency of Synset('survive.v.01'): 60  (continue to live through hardship or adversity)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Where there was no road , they lived without one . 
	 3.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 

Frequency of Synset('suffer.v.01'): 19  (undergo or be subjected to)
	 1.Example sentence: Johnny Rebs from the deep South who were plagued with diarrhoea after transfer to the Virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the `` the Virginia quickstep '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: And now , in March , all Laos suffered a state of siege . 
	 3.Example sentence: He seemed to remember reading somewhere that Abyssinians had large litters , and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens . 
	 4.Example sentence: If he dwelt on the indignities he suffered he would lose all respect for her , and without the respect he might lose his view of her , too . 

Frequency of Synset('last.v.01'): 18  (persist for a specified period of time)
	 1.Example sentence: Who knew , Angie might not last long . 
	 2.Example sentence: But her personality was such that each affair lasted only until that lover , too , had been conquered and reduced to passivity . 
	 3.Example sentence: This operation was started at 5 : 00 p.m. and lasted for 29 minutes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Last week , when Royal was informed that three Longhorns were among the conference 's top four in rushing , he said : `` That won't last long '' . 

Frequency of Synset('prevail.v.03'): 18  (continue to exist)
	 1.Example sentence: According to the theory proposed , this is a consequence of the severe condition of perceived threat that persists unabated for the anxious child in an ambiguous sort of school environment . 
	 2.Example sentence: One of the most damaging tsunami on record followed the famous Lisbon earthquake of November 1 , 1755 ; its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast . 
	 3.Example sentence: The strains of neutralism are running strong , notably in England , and even in Germany . 
	 4.Example sentence: Belief in the traditional way of life persists much more in the older states than in the new ones . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('cattle.n.01.cows')
Frequency of Synset('cattle.n.01'): 11  (domesticated bovine animals as a group regardless of sex or age; ; ; - Bible)
	 1.Example sentence: For three days , their stolid oxen had plodded up a blazing valley as flat and featureless as a dead sea . 
	 2.Example sentence: Ben Prime extended his high-stepped stride until he could lay his goad across the noses of the oxen . 
	 3.Example sentence: He hollered hoarsely , `` Hang on '' ! and goaded the oxen as he yelled . 
	 4.Example sentence: Only the heavy bones of the oxen kept them anchored . 

Frequency of Synset('cow.n.01'): 15  (female of domestic cattle:)
	 1.Example sentence: A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens . 
	 2.Example sentence: A part-time farmer needs unusual skill to get as high production per hen , per cow , or per acre as can be obtained by a competent full-time farmer . 
	 3.Example sentence: Three quarters to 1 acre of good land is enough for raising fruits and vegetables for home use , and for a small flock of chickens , a cow , and two pigs . 
	 4.Example sentence: Drug elevates the metabolic rate of the cow . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hunt.n.08.hunting')
Frequency of Synset('hunt.n.08'): 13  (the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport)
	 1.Example sentence: As a consequence of the tensions thus produced in his thoughts and feelings , he wrote on the one hand sketches of idealized hunting trips and on the other an anecdote of the village of Hardscrabble , Arkansas , where no one had ever seen a piano ; and he wrote also the masterpiece of frontier humor , `` The Big Bear of Arkansas '' , in which earthy realism is placed alongside the exaggeration of the backwoods tall-tale and the awe with which man contemplates the grandeur and the mysteries of nature . 
	 2.Example sentence: But with all the changes in philosophy , dress and terrain - a few things remain constant , including the devotion of Americans to the great field sports , hunting and fishing . 
	 3.Example sentence: And millions of rounds of entirely new and modern small-arms ammunition , designed for today 's hunting and target shooting . 
	 4.Example sentence: Following a vigorous campaign of interpretation and leadership development by OEP director Dr. Julian Smith , today thousands of secondary schools , colleges and universities have shooting and hunting education in their physical education and recreation programs . 

Frequency of Synset('search.n.01'): 12  (the activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone)
	 1.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 2.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 3.Example sentence: Sam Spade joins forces with a band of adventurers in search of a priceless jeweled statue of a falcon ; but when the bird is found at last , it turns out to be a fake . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the search for oil and gas , we make similar waves under controlled conditions with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('do.v.04.get_along')
Frequency of Synset('do.v.04'): 55  (proceed or get along)
	 1.Example sentence: It is significant , too , that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . 
	 2.Example sentence: The consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College outnumber the boys and do somewhat better academically . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nor can anyone be certain that Prokofieff would have done better , or even as well , under different circumstances . 
	 4.Example sentence: His fellow countryman , Igor Stravinsky , certainly did not . 

Frequency of Synset('progress.v.01'): 14  (develop in a positive way)
	 1.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Government will contract with an eligible applicant to pay up to one-half of the cost of approved exploration work as it progresses . 
	 3.Example sentence: Bob Carroll may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to LaGuardia as Tom Bosley does , but I was amazed at the way he became more and more Fiorello as the evening progressed , until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this was n't really LaGuardia come back among us again . 
	 4.Example sentence: Come on , now . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('refer.v.02.bear_on')
Frequency of Synset('refer.v.02'): 95  (be relevant to)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , she had a number of them where money was concerned '' , Garth said . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer , for instance , we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign . 

Frequency of Synset('affect.v.01'): 46  (have an effect upon)
	 1.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Are your people still alive '' ? he asked , trying to touch a part of her life Alberto had n't discussed ; so he could have something of her for himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: that the Court order does not unequally affect the Southern region ? 
	 4.Example sentence: One can meet with aloofness almost anywhere : the Thank-Heaven-We 're - not-Involved viewpoint , It Does n't Affect Us ! 

Frequency of Synset('continue.v.03'): 49  (keep or maintain in unaltered condition; cause to remain or last)
	 1.Example sentence: Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . 
	 2.Example sentence: Equally a master of prose and verse , he recreates the glory of Sweden in the past and continues it into the present . 
	 3.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('expedite.v.01.hasten')
Frequency of Synset('rush.v.04'): 12  (act or move at high speed)
	 1.Example sentence: You 'd better hurry '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Do n't hurry too much . 
	 3.Example sentence: Tell her to hurry '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Instead - and not just to prove my objectivity - I hasten to report that it 's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the Easter vacation shenanigans of collegians down in Fort Lauderdale , and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group - that is to say , sex . 

Frequency of Synset('rush.v.01'): 37  (move fast)
	 1.Example sentence: He fought down the impulse to rush in and collar the vicious puncher on the spot . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them - heavy , ominous , leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills . 
	 3.Example sentence: Walls of water rushed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods . 
	 4.Example sentence: It raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair , sitting astride an upright branch . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('recover.v.01.retrieve')
Frequency of Synset('recover.v.01'): 23  (get or find back; recover the use of)
	 1.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual re-living of experience , in which the imagining person recovers through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself . 
	 3.Example sentence: When he regained consciousness he was in Lord 's house , in the office of Doctor Lord , the deputy 's deceased father . 
	 4.Example sentence: This approach requires that : ( 1 ) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries , and ( 2 ) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be synthesized into a description of the particular word . 

Frequency of Synset('remember.v.01'): 144  (recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection)
	 1.Example sentence: It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I could n't remember where we had met . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` No , I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here , and when it happened all I could think of was - '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The keys were still in it , and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabana where I 'd changed '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('cell.n.01.cell')
Frequency of Synset('cell.n.01'): 71  (any small compartment)
	 1.Example sentence: The first is compiling a list of text forms , assigning an information cell to each , and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence . 
	 2.Example sentence: The first is compiling a list of text forms , assigning an information cell to each , and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence . 
	 3.Example sentence: For this step the computer memory is separated into three regions : cells in the W region are used for storage of the forms in the text form list ; cells in the X-region and Y region are reserved as information cells for text forms . 
	 4.Example sentence: For this step the computer memory is separated into three regions : cells in the W region are used for storage of the forms in the text form list ; cells in the X-region and Y region are reserved as information cells for text forms . 

Frequency of Synset('cell.n.02'): 44  ((biology) the basic structural and functional unit of all organisms; they may exist as independent units of life (as in monads) or may form colonies or tissues as in higher plants and animals)
	 1.Example sentence: Many cells , bacteria , and other microorganisms are transparent to visible light and must be stained for microscopic investigation . 
	 2.Example sentence: This stain often disrupts the normal cell activity or else colors only the outside . 
	 3.Example sentence: A completely new insight into living cells and their structure will be possible by use of a new technique which replaces visible light with ultraviolet radiation and combines a microscope with a color - TV system to view the results . 
	 4.Example sentence: Many of the cells and microorganisms which are transparent to visible light , absorb or reflect the much shorter wavelengths of the ultraviolet spectrum . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('equal.v.01.equal')
Frequency of Synset('equal.v.01'): 281  (be identical or equivalent to)
	 1.Example sentence: Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' - He stopped and looked at Thor 's body . 
	 2.Example sentence: The estimated standard deviations of the data for two of the resistors were 1 millidegree ; and for the third resistor , 3.3 millidegrees . 
	 3.Example sentence: The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 * * f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the | l point . 
	 4.Example sentence: The result has been neglect , fumbling efforts , or superficial treatment . 

Frequency of Synset('equal.v.02'): 11  (be equal to in quality or ability)
	 1.Example sentence: Besides , he can hardly avoid musing on the instability of death which , what with exhumations and rehabilitations , seems to match that of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: Fury Hanover ( Hoot Mon-Fay ) , Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ) and Isaac ( Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover ) have been working together but have not equalled their best work done some weeks ago . 
	 3.Example sentence: Soon her purring rivaled the chirping of the tree crickets , rivaled the hum of voices from inside the Pod . 
	 4.Example sentence: Soon her purring rivaled the chirping of the tree crickets , rivaled the hum of voices from inside the Pod . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('onset.n.01.onset')
Frequency of Synset('onset.n.01'): 42  (the beginning or early stages)
	 1.Example sentence: For treatment of shipping fever , this level should be fed at the onset of the disease symptoms until symptoms disappear . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , the Onset Profile spreads across approximately 12 years for boys and 10 years for girls . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Maturity Chart for each sex demonstrates clearly that Onset is a phenomenon of infancy and early childhood whereas Completion is a phenomenon of the later portion of adolescence . 
	 4.Example sentence: Second , for both sexes , the 21 transverse lines in the Onset Profile vary more in individual spread than those in the Completion Profile . 

Frequency of Synset('attack.n.01'): 16  ((military) an offensive against an enemy (using weapons))
	 1.Example sentence: It gave them all a chance to make a high-speed climbing turn attack and a break-away that would not take them into the overcast or force a tight turn recovery . 
	 2.Example sentence: Even if the electric power fails after an attack , any time that the heater has been used will make the shelter that much more comfortable . 
	 3.Example sentence: The troopers knew an attack was coming , but they did n't know when , and they did n't know where . 
	 4.Example sentence: Goulding 's platoon pushed back the enemy soldiers and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('present.v.05.pose')
Frequency of Synset('present.v.05'): 14  (introduce)
	 1.Example sentence: Syllables are genuine units , but division of words and sentences into them presents great difficulties . 
	 2.Example sentence: Marketing in the new decade will be no picnic - for the sixties will present possibly the most intense competitive activity that you have experienced in the last 20 - 25 yr. . 
	 3.Example sentence: For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is - that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mary presented quite a different problem . 

Frequency of Synset('put.v.01'): 310  (put into a certain place or abstract location)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: Put a dollar and cents limit on benefits . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 4.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('blend.v.03.merge')
Frequency of Synset('unify.v.01'): 22  (become one)
	 1.Example sentence: Obviously , the Interstate Commerce Commission will not force the New York Central to further curtail its commuter operations by giving undue competitive advantages to the lines that wish to merge . 
	 2.Example sentence: Beyond the forest all our paths merge into a single great highway which ends in the barren , eroded hills of Judea . 
	 3.Example sentence: Parson Weems 's George Washington became the symbol of honesty and the father image of the uniting States . 
	 4.Example sentence: Religion integrates and unifies . 

Frequency of Synset('blend.v.03'): 16  (mix together different elements)
	 1.Example sentence: He is aware that every moderately important problem merges imperceptibly into every other problem . 
	 2.Example sentence: The process of flattening seemed inexorable , and it became necessary to emphasize the surface still further in order to prevent it from fusing with the illusion . 
	 3.Example sentence: When the smaller facet-planes of Analytical Cubism were placed upon or juxtaposed with the large , dense shapes formed by the affixed materials of the collage , they had to coalesce - become `` synthesized '' - into larger planar shapes themselves simply in order to maintain the integrity of the picture plane . 
	 4.Example sentence: Anger and fear fused in John . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('radiation.n.01.radiation')
Frequency of Synset('radiation.n.01'): 31  (energy that is radiated or transmitted in the form of rays or waves or particles)
	 1.Example sentence: Mortar is poured between this bracing and the 4 - inch blocks on edge to complete the wall thickness for radiation shielding . 
	 2.Example sentence: This shelter , as shown on page 24 , would provide almost absolute protection from fallout radiation . 
	 3.Example sentence: Radiation scatters somewhat like light . 
	 4.Example sentence: Therefore , sharp turns in a shelter entrance will reduce radiation intensity inside the shelter . 

Frequency of Synset('radiation.n.02'): 15  (the act of spreading outward from a central source)
	 1.Example sentence: This result suggests a very high temperature at the solid surface of the planet , although there is the possibility that the observed radiation may be a combination of both thermal and non thermal components and that the observed spectrum is that of a black body merely by coincidence . 
	 2.Example sentence: For the case of Jupiter , the radio emission spectrum is definitely not like the spectrum of a black-body radiator , and it seems very likely that the radiation reaching the earth is a combination of thermal radiation from the atmosphere and non thermal components . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the case of Jupiter , the radio emission spectrum is definitely not like the spectrum of a black-body radiator , and it seems very likely that the radiation reaching the earth is a combination of thermal radiation from the atmosphere and non thermal components . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mars has been observed twice at about 3 - cm wave length , and the intensity of the observed radiation is in reasonable agreement with the thermal radiation which might be predicted on the basis of the known temperature of Mars . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('rock.n.02.rock')
Frequency of Synset('rock.n.01'): 22  (a lump or mass of hard consolidated mineral matter)
	 1.Example sentence: A dominant motive is the poet 's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Flowers , stones , and small creatures , living and dead . 
	 3.Example sentence: We collected `` lucky stones '' - all the creamy translucent pebbles , worn smooth and round , that we could find in the driveway . 
	 4.Example sentence: Squatting on our haunches beside the flat stone we broke them on , we were safe behind the high closed gates at the end of the drive : safe from interruption and the observation and possible amusement of the passers-by . 

Frequency of Synset('rock.n.02'): 14  (material consisting of the aggregate of minerals like those making up the Earth's crust)
	 1.Example sentence: Perhaps one bored holes in the stone with some kind of an electric gadget . 
	 2.Example sentence: Opposite every gate was a hitching post or a stone carriage step , set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse . 
	 3.Example sentence: This shelter could be built in regions where water or rock is close to the surface , making it impractical to build an underground shelter . 
	 4.Example sentence: These are particularly suitable for regions where water or rock is close to the surface . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('barricade.v.01.block')
Frequency of Synset('barricade.v.01'): 11  (render unsuitable for passage)
	 1.Example sentence: Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens . 
	 2.Example sentence: If there is time after the warning , the basement shielding could be improved substantially by blocking windows with bricks , dirt , books , magazines , or other heavy material . 
	 3.Example sentence: Tell your guys not to block the plate '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Someone blocked the door from inside . 

Frequency of Synset('stop.v.03'): 30  (stop from happening or developing)
	 1.Example sentence: She had swished away , she had been gone for a long time probably when Sarah suddenly realized that she ought to stop her , pour out the coffee , so no one would drink it . 
	 2.Example sentence: If we cannot stop warfare in our own economic system , how can we expect to abolish it internationally ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Obviously , we can n't stop them from coming in , however , just by talk . 
	 4.Example sentence: Maybe they 'll stop it now , once for all . 

Frequency of Synset('forget.v.02'): 15  (be unable to remember)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Do n't forget , there was the hope it would pass for a natural death '' , Pauling reminded him . 
	 2.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I forgot '' ! she yelped . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('tons.n.01.scores')
Frequency of Synset('tons.n.01'): 16  (a large number or amount)
	 1.Example sentence: The preparations were elaborate : flowers , candles , incense sticks , rice wine , dozens of delicacies , and pieces of white cotton string . 
	 2.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 3.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 4.Example sentence: Inside the crown , stuffed behind the stained sweatband , could be seen thin , crumpled wads of currency . 

Frequency of Synset('mark.n.01'): 23  (a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance))
	 1.Example sentence: For purposes of sample selection only ( individual tests were given later ) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third grade population in each school system . 
	 2.Example sentence: Children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third grade school population were considered under-achievers for the purposes of sample selection . 
	 3.Example sentence: The final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores . 
	 4.Example sentence: Scores are stated in grade equivalents on a national norm . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('incur.v.01.incur')
Frequency of Synset('incur.v.01'): 11  (make oneself subject to; bring upon oneself; become liable to)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1920 , the Lambeth Conference repeated its 1908 condemnation of contraception and issued `` an emphatic warning against the use of unnatural means for the avoidance of conception , together with the grave dangers - physical , moral , and religious - thereby incurred , and against the evils which the extension of such use threaten the race '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: If the check is not good and the April 15 or other due date deadline elapses , additions to the tax may be incurred . 
	 3.Example sentence: They also deduct transportation expenses incurred in connection with the performance of services as employees even though they are not away from home . 
	 4.Example sentence: If your employer reimburses you for expenses incurred , you deduct such expenses if they otherwise qualify . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.02'): 119  (receive a specified treatment (abstract))
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Humor found many modes of expression . 
	 3.Example sentence: A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mail.v.01.mail')
Frequency of Synset('mail.v.01'): 11  (send via the postal service)
	 1.Example sentence: If you mail a return or tax payment , you must place it in the mails in ample time to reach the district director on or before the due date . 
	 2.Example sentence: If you file Form 1040 A and the District Director computes your tax , any refund to which you are entitled will be mailed to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: The check had been mailed from Chicago , the envelope bore no return address , and the check was not signed . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Commission is authorized and directed to mail to each claimant in proceedings before the Commission notice of the provisions of this subsection . 

Frequency of Synset('mail.v.02'): 19  (cause to be directed or transmitted to another place)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 2.Example sentence: This included Mamma , jolly , generous , and pretty , with whom they all fell in love , just as Papa had first fallen in love with her Mamma before he chose her ; and when a young man like Morris Jastrow had enjoyed the Szold hospitality , he felt obliged to send his respects and his gifts not merely to Henrietta , in whom he was really interested , but to all the Szold girls and Mamma . 
	 3.Example sentence: If you file Form 1040 A and the District Director computes your tax , you will be sent a bill if additional tax is due . 
	 4.Example sentence: Send your return to the Director of Internal Revenue for the district in which you have your legal residence or principal place of business . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('residence.n.01.abode')
Frequency of Synset('residence.n.01'): 12  (any address at which you dwell more than temporarily)
	 1.Example sentence: The Prince visited the hospital of Operation Brotherhood , supported by the Junior Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines , and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at Pak Song . 
	 2.Example sentence: ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes ; ( 2 ) central cities tend to be more heterogeneous in social composition . 
	 3.Example sentence: This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches . 
	 4.Example sentence: Will the house on any part-time farm you are considering make a satisfactory full-time residence ? 

Frequency of Synset('dwelling.n.01'): 47  (housing that someone is living in)
	 1.Example sentence: The brothers continued to help each other during their studies , sharing a joint purse , lodging together in the dormitory and dining together at the home of their aunt . 
	 2.Example sentence: My lovely caller - Joyce Holland was her name - had previously done three filmed commercials for ZING , and this evening , the fourth , a super production , had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor . 
	 3.Example sentence: She 'd driven around for a while , Joyce said , then , thinking Louis Thor would have calmed down by that time , she 'd gone back to his home on Bryn Mawr Drive , parked in front , and walked toward the pool . 
	 4.Example sentence: We consider a rural community as an assemblage of inhabited dwellings whose configuration is determined by the location and size of the arable land sites necessary for family subsistence . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('subtract.v.01.deduct')
Frequency of Synset('subtract.v.01'): 22  (make a subtraction)
	 1.Example sentence: To find estimated net farm income , subtract estimated annual farming expenditures from probable gross income from farming . 
	 2.Example sentence: Some deductions are subtracted from Gross Income to determine Adjusted Gross Income . 
	 3.Example sentence: Other deductions are subtracted only from Adjusted Gross Income in arriving at Taxable Income . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this amount deduct the items indicated below . 

Frequency of Synset('deduce.v.01'): 34  (reason by deduction; establish by deduction)
	 1.Example sentence: He inferred that Hohlbein and Garth were high-priced lawyers . 
	 2.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 
	 3.Example sentence: Part 2 , discusses the operation of the model and derives some significant conclusions . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thomas also presents a simple equation for deriving an index of persistence , which weights not only the number of stems ( ' roots ' ) per meaning , but their relative frequency . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('reach.v.07.get_to')
Frequency of Synset('reach.v.07'): 21  (reach a goal, e.g.,)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it reaching these goals ? 
	 2.Example sentence: All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder . 
	 3.Example sentence: I kept saying , `` If I could just build up a reputation for myself , make some real money , get to be well known as an illustrator - like Peter Askington , for instance - then I could take some time off and paint '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: I let up on the accelerator , only to gradually reach again the 60 m. p. h. which would , I hoped , overhaul Herry and the blonde , and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had I , Mrs. Major Roebuck settled down to practicing on Corporal Johnson the kittenish wiles she would need when making her duty call on Colonel and Mrs. Somebody in Sante Fe . 

Frequency of Synset('annoy.v.01'): 15  (cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations)
	 1.Example sentence: For instance , the following statement was rated low in compulsivity , `` She 's naturally quite neat about things , but it does n't bother her at all if her room gets messy . 
	 2.Example sentence: For example , one hebephrenic man used to annoy me , month after month , by saying , whenever I got up to leave and made my fairly steoreotyped comment that I would be seeing him on the following day , or whenever , `` You 're welcome '' , in a notably condescending fashion - as though it were his due for me to thank him for the privilege of spending the hour with him , and he were thus pointing up my failure to utter a humbly grateful , `` thank you '' to him at the end of each session . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Some guys bothered me '' , Mercer has said . 
	 4.Example sentence: It especially bothered the older hands . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('smell.v.03.smell')
Frequency of Synset('smell.v.01'): 14  (inhale the odor of; perceive by the olfactory sense)
	 1.Example sentence: From his room he could look out in springtime and see the couples hand in hand walking slowly , deliciously , across the campus , and he could smell the sweet vernal winds . 
	 2.Example sentence: He claimed to be visiting the waterfront saloon at the crossroads to play cards and drink with his cronies , but Kate had not smelled brandy on him since Mrs. Lattimer 's funeral . 
	 3.Example sentence: Halfway across the house , he could have smelled her morning perfume . 
	 4.Example sentence: I did n't smell a drop of liquor , and we did n't have a bit of trouble '' . 

Frequency of Synset('smell.v.02'): 12  (emit an odor)
	 1.Example sentence: Leaves were burning somewhere and the smoke smelled , for all its ammoniac acidity , of beginnings . 
	 2.Example sentence: The place smelled strongly of rank , fertile earth , rotting wood and urine . 
	 3.Example sentence: Watson ran up the ladder and stood for a second sucking in the cool air that smelled of mud and river weeds . 
	 4.Example sentence: The night we saw it , a rather unpleasant situation arose when the soloist refused to approach the armadillo , complaining - in ad-lib - that `` it smelled '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mixture.n.01.mixture')
Frequency of Synset('mixture.n.01'): 11  ((chemistry) a substance consisting of two or more substances mixed together (not in fixed proportions and not with chemical bonding))
	 1.Example sentence: From this point , I paint in as direct a manner as possible , by flowing on the washes with as pure a color mixture as I can manage . 
	 2.Example sentence: He brought with him a mixture of myrrh and aloes , of about a hundred pounds ' weight . 
	 3.Example sentence: Perhaps after the soldiers had laid him on the ground , while Joseph of Arimathea was at Pontius Pilate 's asking for Christ 's body , Nicodemus was gathering his mixture of myrrh and aloes , and the others had gone home to mourn . 
	 4.Example sentence: The mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a Vigreux column , a 25 % center cut being retained which was then degassed under vacuum in the presence of * * f . 

Frequency of Synset('assortment.n.01'): 26  (a collection containing a variety of sorts of things)
	 1.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 2.Example sentence: Even beginning students in linguistics are made familiar with an appreciable variety of consonant systems , both in their general outlines and in many specific details . 
	 3.Example sentence: How could anyone know what to do with an assortment like that ? 
	 4.Example sentence: In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('open.v.06.open_up')
Frequency of Synset('open.v.01'): 64  (cause to open or to become open)
	 1.Example sentence: Doors that won n't open , and doors that won n't close and shelves and broken '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: He opened the door and went in , pulling it shut behind him . 
	 3.Example sentence: Curt opened the door , grabbed Black by the shoulder , and pulled him into the barn . 
	 4.Example sentence: The only chance of renovation is to open our eyes and see the mess . 

Frequency of Synset('open.v.02'): 45  (start to operate or function or cause to start operating or functioning)
	 1.Example sentence: Hardly a window has been broken since Dunbar first was opened ( and vandalism in schools is a major problem in many slum areas ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: He opens his discourse , however , with a review of the Eisenhower inaugural festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents , all primed to catch some revelation of the emerging new age . 
	 3.Example sentence: As these Swiss were moving from the Selkirk settlement to become the first civilian residents of Minnesota , Dousman of Michilimackinac , Michigan , and Prairie du Chien was traveling to Red River to open a trade in merchandise . 
	 4.Example sentence: Almost every official who reflects on it thinks this movement of Americans to canvas dwellings opens one of the most promising of all outdoor markets . 

Frequency of Synset('open.v.03'): 15  (become open)
	 1.Example sentence: A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . 
	 2.Example sentence: The fast opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately * * f ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . 
	 3.Example sentence: The heavens opened , pelting them with hail the size of walnuts . 
	 4.Example sentence: The door opened and three men and a woman in a sari swept past him and down the stairs . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('honest.a.01.honorable')
Frequency of Synset('honest.a.01'): 11  (not disposed to cheat or defraud; not deceptive or fraudulent)
	 1.Example sentence: Brian Thayer was a thoroughly honest and competent administrator . 
	 2.Example sentence: I mean : Is advertising honest ? 
	 3.Example sentence: But even when the police are honest , they do not trust the private eye . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` She 's honest as the day '' , Mr. Phillips said , and added , `` Mr. Gunnar , I can say this to you : Beebe is a little too honest . 

Frequency of Synset('estimable.s.02'): 13  (deserving of esteem and respect)
	 1.Example sentence: Still another boy asserted : `` To be a good Jew is to do no wrong ; it 's to be a good person '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: When asked how this was different from being a good Protestant , the boy answered , `` It 's the same thing '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 4.Example sentence: It ignores the sordid financial aspects ( quite conveniently , too , for his audience , who could indulge in moral indignation without visible , or even conscious , discomfort , their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage ) . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('plant.n.01.works')
Frequency of Synset('plant.n.01'): 68  (buildings for carrying on industrial labor)
	 1.Example sentence: Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in plant feeding operation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Could an employee 's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? 

Frequency of Synset('work.n.01'): 87  (activity directed toward making or doing something)
	 1.Example sentence: Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work ? 

Frequency of Synset('work.n.02'): 76  (a product produced or accomplished through the effort or activity or agency of a person or thing)
	 1.Example sentence: `` The man 's true reputation is his work '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whether in prose or poetry , all of Heidenstam 's later work was concerned with Sweden . 
	 4.Example sentence: Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory . 

Frequency of Synset('employment.n.02'): 36  (the occupation for which you are paid)
	 1.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: Carpenters all wanted steady work and at the moment every mother's son for twenty miles around that could hammer nails for twenty-five dollars a day was working on the school job . 
	 3.Example sentence: Formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student , while still in school , to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation . 

Frequency of Synset('study.n.02'): 28  (applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject (especially by reading))
	 1.Example sentence: The brothers continued to help each other during their studies , sharing a joint purse , lodging together in the dormitory and dining together at the home of their aunt . 
	 2.Example sentence: So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; there is a struggle there , in which , if he falls , it is easy for him to rise again , there is freedom of utterance there , which draws after it no irreparable consequences on society . 
	 3.Example sentence: Under pressure from parents , the majority of Brooklyn College girls major in education since that co-ordinates best with marriage plans - limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours . 
	 4.Example sentence: The efforts and accomplishments fall into three main categories : absolute thermometry based upon the velocity of sound in helium gas , secondary thermometry involving principally studies of the behavior of germanium resistors , and helium 4 vapor-pressure measurements ( see p. 144 ) . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('respect.v.01.respect')
Frequency of Synset('respect.v.01'): 14  (regard highly; think much of)
	 1.Example sentence: The engineer had more than seven years of experience in the firm , was well trained , was considered a hard worker , was respected by his fellow engineers for his technical competence and was regarded as a `` comer '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: He respected each of these approach techniques , and kept them in character : 
	 3.Example sentence: The next morning , as the clock struck nine , he appeared at the Council meeting in the Town Hall and insisted that the couple would have to be punished if the Church was to be respected . 
	 4.Example sentence: Prompted by a guilty urge , he had disobeyed the order of a man he respected . 

Frequency of Synset('respect.v.02'): 11  (show respect towards)
	 1.Example sentence: How can we have a good city unless we respect morality '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed . 
	 3.Example sentence: Since there are almost no schools in the country offering graduate work in interior design this rule cannot at present be observed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now Eileen really would have to settle down to love honor and obey , and she 'd have to quit drinking . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('duplicate.v.01.duplicate')
Frequency of Synset('duplicate.v.01'): 14  (make or do or perform again)
	 1.Example sentence: The first eight of these eighteen statements , which received at least one-half of the votes , were duplicated to form an analysis checklist for the particular manager , and when this particular manager roleplayed in other situations , the members checked any items that appeared . 
	 2.Example sentence: After the male and female andrenas have mated , the cycle is repeated . 
	 3.Example sentence: Great actors and actresses - the most notable being Sarah Bernhardt - were hired to repeat their stage performances before the camera . 
	 4.Example sentence: This would mean , it can readily be seen , that , again , for each new visual experience the tracing motions would have to be repeated because of the absence of visual imagery . 

Frequency of Synset('double.v.01'): 12  (increase twofold)
	 1.Example sentence: Gracias '' , I hollered , my first long swallow filling me with confidence and immediately doubling the size of my Spanish vocabulary . 
	 2.Example sentence: He threw out some of Hutchins ' more wildly experimental courses , raised sagging undergraduate enrollment to 2100 , nearly doubled endowment to $ 139.3 million . 
	 3.Example sentence: Last month in Ghana an American missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been doubled . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the area of `` community health services '' , the President called for doubling the present 10 million dollar a year federal grants for nursing home construction . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('champion.n.01.champion')
Frequency of Synset('champion.n.01'): 14  (someone who has won first place in a competition)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus a man who is butting a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in bed - the one place he can still be champion . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nick Skorich , the line coach for the football champion Philadelphia Eagles , was elevated today to head coach . 
	 3.Example sentence: Deane Beman , the National Amateur champion , and all the metropolitan district champions , including Bob Gardner , the amateur title-holder , also will receive awards . 
	 4.Example sentence: Deane Beman , the National Amateur champion , and all the metropolitan district champions , including Bob Gardner , the amateur title-holder , also will receive awards . 

Frequency of Synset('ace.n.03'): 11  (someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field)
	 1.Example sentence: Certainly its composer was an ascending star on a new world horizon . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was like being in the concert hall in the afternoon and hearing the piano virtuoso rehearsing . 
	 3.Example sentence: Shea , the chairman of Mayor Wagner 's Baseball Committee , will be joined on the dais by Warren Spahn , the southpaw pitching ace of the Milwaukee Braves ; Frank Graham , the Journal-American sports columnist ; Bill Mazeroski , the World Series hero of the Pittsburgh Pirates , and Casey Stengel , the former manager of the Yankees . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ramsey has a thing or two to mutter about himself , for the Dallas defensive unit turned in another splendid effort against Denver , and the Texans were able to whip the dangerous Broncs without the fullbacking of a top star , Jack Spikes , though he did the team 's place-kicking while nursing a knee injury . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('express.v.02.utter')
Frequency of Synset('express.v.02'): 32  (articulate; either verbally or with a cry, shout, or noise)
	 1.Example sentence: A man named Lars Simon , playwright director , had expressed a wish that Anthony Payne drop dead . 
	 2.Example sentence: It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years , in the hope of clearing up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign policy is all about and what it means , and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government . 
	 3.Example sentence: an Ah coudn ansuh him an so Ah said ' Aw right , Ah gay-ess , an his fathuh did n uttuh one wohd an aftuh Huhmun was gone , the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink t ' gethuh f ' ovuh a yeah , onleh an occasional one , but just the same it was behahn mah back , an Ah doa n think thet 's nahce at all , d ' you '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Something indirect , mixed , reconciling , tensional might well be the stratagem , the devious technique by which a poet indulged in all kinds of talk about love and anger and even in something like '' expressions `` of these emotions , without aiming at their incitement or even uttering anything that essentially involves their incitement '' . 

Frequency of Synset('talk.v.02'): 87  (express in speech)
	 1.Example sentence: Up spoke carpenter Staffe , who said he would n't give ten pounds to be home . 
	 2.Example sentence: The young man spoke steadily enough , but all at once he looked grotesquely unshaven . 
	 3.Example sentence: Neither spoke till they reached their horses . 
	 4.Example sentence: Harris J. Griston , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('flip.v.01.flip')
Frequency of Synset('flip.v.01'): 13  (lightly throw to see which side comes up)
	 1.Example sentence: I tossed the bottle . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was no time to pick out a penny ; I got a coin between my thumb and forefinger , leaned my elbows in a very natural and casual manner on top of the truck cab and flipped my little missile . 
	 3.Example sentence: When three dice are tossed repeatedly , what is the probability that the number of aces is 0 ( or 1 , or 2 , or 3 ) ? 
	 4.Example sentence: If three dice are tossed , a trial is one toss of one die and the experiment is composed of three trials . 

Frequency of Synset('flip.v.06'): 16  (throw or toss with a light motion)
	 1.Example sentence: As reports dribbled in , William Weigand tossed them into the centrifuge which had become his head . 
	 2.Example sentence: Weigand tossed this news into the centrifuge . 
	 3.Example sentence: He called in the pitcher who had been pitching , and a big , heavy , powerfully built right hander moved out to the mound for Anniston . 
	 4.Example sentence: He lifted the skirt of Macklin 's coat , took his gun from its holster , tossed it onto the desk . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('evolve.v.02.evolve')
Frequency of Synset('evolve.v.01'): 45  (work out)
	 1.Example sentence: It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions . 
	 2.Example sentence: Have we not actually developed idea worship ? 
	 3.Example sentence: However , any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the process , he develops some very significant observations about problems of a sort that are often difficult . 

Frequency of Synset('develop.v.03'): 39  (gain through experience)
	 1.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` We 've got Father and Mother and each other , '' said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott 's Little Women ; and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; and the Szold family , as it developed , bore a striking resemblance to the Marches . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student , while still in school , to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation . 
	 4.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('stopping_point.n.01.last')
Frequency of Synset('stopping_point.n.01'): 12  (the temporal end; the concluding time)
	 1.Example sentence: The treatment seems unnecessarily loose jointed and complex , largely because the method is lax and the analysis seems never to be pushed to a satisfactory or even a consistent stopping-point . 
	 2.Example sentence: The latter , members of two regiments of Swiss mercenaries transported by Great Britain to Canada to fight the Americans in the War of 1812 , had settled in Montreal and Kingston at the close of the war in 1815 . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was the conclusion of the first phase of a process of tragic recollection , and of refining the recollection , that will last as long as there are Jews . 
	 4.Example sentence: If you use a fiscal year , a year ending on the last day of any month other than December , your return is due on or before the 15 th day of the 4 th month after the close of your tax year . 

Frequency of Synset('end.n.03'): 20  (the concluding parts of an event or occurrence)
	 1.Example sentence: There would be changes made , and Signor Raymond should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the end of the performance , Dave and Max came out into the brilliantly lit foyer among a surge of gowned and tuxedoed first nighters . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the end of work one day , the personnel man took the applicants one at a time , asked them to sit behind the receptionist 's desk and he then played the role of a number of people who might come to the receptionist with a number of queries and for a number of purposes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Forced to realize that this was the end of a very short line I scanned a road marker and discovered what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old Mexican : Moriarty , New Mexico . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('player.n.01.player')
Frequency of Synset('player.n.01'): 20  (a person who participates in or is skilled at some game)
	 1.Example sentence: The Anniston players and their manager ran out on the field . 
	 2.Example sentence: Riverside and Anniston players rushed out on the field . 
	 3.Example sentence: Phil Rossoff and two other Riverside players did not go out on the field when the fighting started . 
	 4.Example sentence: The other players were undressing quietly . 

Frequency of Synset('musician.n.01'): 18  (someone who plays a musical instrument (as a profession))
	 1.Example sentence: These qualities endeared him to both the musicians and the social economic haute monde which supported the concert world of the post World War 1 , era . 
	 2.Example sentence: Some musicians were enthusiastic , some skeptical . 
	 3.Example sentence: On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30 th anniversary . 
	 4.Example sentence: On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30 th anniversary . 

Frequency of Synset('actor.n.01'): 15  (a theatrical performer)
	 1.Example sentence: When the family business failed , Mercer left school and on his mother 's urging - for she hoped that he would become an actor - he joined a local little theater group . 
	 2.Example sentence: Though merely clear glass , it was a distinctive trade mark for an aspiring actor who hoped to imprint himself upon the memories of producers . 
	 3.Example sentence: Everett Miller , then assistant director for the Garrick Gaieties , a Theatre Guild production , needed a lyricist for a song he had written ; he just happened not to need any actor at the moment , however . 
	 4.Example sentence: An unsuccessful playwright and actor , he has faith only in himself and in a talent he is not sure exists . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('constituent.n.02.constituent')
Frequency of Synset('component.n.03'): 21  (an artifact that is one of the individual parts of which a composite entity is made up; especially a part that can be separated from or attached to a system)
	 1.Example sentence: The method of calibration employs a fixed resistance element as a calorimeter . 
	 2.Example sentence: The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . 
	 3.Example sentence: The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . 

Frequency of Synset('part.n.01'): 135  (something determined in relation to something that includes it)
	 1.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: A man has 32 souls , one for each part of the body . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board . 

Frequency of Synset('component.n.01'): 63  (an abstract part of something)
	 1.Example sentence: Younger men usually do n't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they 're liable to change jobs several times before settling down . 
	 2.Example sentence: The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a mobile society , congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment ; this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation - like elements will have to be assimilated . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('contend.v.01.postulate')
Frequency of Synset('contend.v.01'): 13  (maintain or assert)
	 1.Example sentence: Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , contends that he was denied due process , both in the proceedings before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice and at trial . 
	 2.Example sentence: Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity , before its final recommendation to the appeal board , to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: We have proved so able to solve technological problems that to contend we cannot realize a universal goal in the immediate future is to be extremely shortsighted , if nothing else . 

Frequency of Synset('necessitate.v.01'): 320  (require as useful, just, or proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('assign.v.02.allot')
Frequency of Synset('assign.v.02'): 21  (give out)
	 1.Example sentence: The first is compiling a list of text forms , assigning an information cell to each , and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence . 
	 2.Example sentence: If cell * * f has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text form list , it is now assigned as the information cell of * * f . 
	 3.Example sentence: If cell * * f has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text form list , it is now assigned as the information cell of * * f . 
	 4.Example sentence: If * * f was assigned as the information cell for * * f , the routine can detect that * * f is identical to * * f by comparing * * f with the form stored at location * * f . 

Frequency of Synset('accord.v.02'): 12  (allow to have)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant . 
	 2.Example sentence: Telefunken has accorded him beautiful sound , and this bargain-priced disc ( it sells for $ 2.98 ) is worthy of consideration . 
	 3.Example sentence: Before adjournment Monday afternoon , the Senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Belgian Congo was granted its independence with what seemed a workable Western-style form of government : 

Frequency of Synset('distribute.v.01'): 18  (administer or bestow, as in small portions)
	 1.Example sentence: Hallmark Cards , Inc. , Kansas City , Mo. , has a do-it-yourself quiz game called `` Benefit Bafflers '' , which it distributes to employees . 
	 2.Example sentence: John , an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics , headed the rural development division of USOM , the United States Operations Mission administering U. S. aid . 
	 3.Example sentence: Eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his condescending , `` You 're welcome '' , was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor , over these months , on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note , each time , that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor suffered again on the morrow . 
	 4.Example sentence: Jury , judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere , at any time , to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('reason.v.01.reason')
Frequency of Synset('reason.v.01'): 31  (decide by reasoning; draw or come to a conclusion)
	 1.Example sentence: We have concluded that petitioner 's claims are controlled by the rationale of gonzales v. United States , 348 U. S. 407 ( 1955 ) , and United States v. Nugent , 346 U. S .1 ( 1953 ) , and therefore affirm the judgment . 
	 2.Example sentence: His claim was therefore `` so highly exaggerated '' , the Department concluded , that it `` cast doubt upon his veracity and , consequently , upon his sincerity and good faith '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: He concludes that some changes can made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness , but hesitates to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes . 
	 4.Example sentence: He terms this early enthusiasm `` Romantic Christianity '' and concludes that its similarity to democratic beliefs of that day is so great that `` the doctrine of liberty seems but a secular version of its counterpart in evangelical Protestantism '' . 

Frequency of Synset('argue.v.01'): 36  (present reasons and arguments)
	 1.Example sentence: Haydn C. Covington argued the cause and filed a brief for petitioner . 
	 2.Example sentence: Daniel M. Friedman argued the cause for the United States . 
	 3.Example sentence: It could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes . 
	 4.Example sentence: It could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity , since worship presupposes some local stabilities . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('admit.v.01.acknowledge')
Frequency of Synset('admit.v.01'): 61  (declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of)
	 1.Example sentence: He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times , and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer . 
	 2.Example sentence: He was also , if Pam North was right , a closer acquaintance of Lauren Payne 's than she , now , was inclined to admit . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` So help me , Crouch , I 'd like to kill you where you stand , but , before I do , I 'm going to hear you admit killing him . 
	 4.Example sentence: This dirty coward just admitted killing Arbuckle . 

Frequency of Synset('acknowledge.v.06'): 41  (accept (someone) to be what is claimed or accept his power and authority)
	 1.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 2.Example sentence: The association between electric ( both electrostatic and voltaic ) forces and magnetic forces had been recognized by investigators for many decades . 
	 3.Example sentence: We assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that price level increases may offset wage rate increases , and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the `` real '' wage rate . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath defying his ulcer . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('near.r.01.near')
Frequency of Synset('near.r.01'): 22  (near in time or place or relationship)
	 1.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 2.Example sentence: All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: Another snarled close overhead . 

Frequency of Synset('about.r.07'): 56  ((of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but)
	 1.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 4.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('cook.v.02.ready')
Frequency of Synset('cook.v.02'): 29  (prepare for eating by applying heat)
	 1.Example sentence: Because they prepare their own meals they also keep in their pockets a good portion of that $ 10.50 food bill along with most of the tip money . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Johnny insisted on cooking a chicken dinner in my honor - he 's always been a good cook - and I 'll never forget him cleaning the chicken in the tub '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was readying a batch of sourdough biscuits for the Dutch oven . 
	 4.Example sentence: Douglass prepared his sample of **f by thermal decomposition of aqueous chromic acid at 300 - 325 ` C . 

Frequency of Synset('fix.v.12'): 49  (make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc)
	 1.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus at the same time that William Henry Harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe , Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thorpe came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty . 
	 4.Example sentence: They found it at the junction between Troops H and G , and prepared to counterattack . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('persevere.v.01.hold_on')
Frequency of Synset('grasp.v.01'): 11  (hold firmly)
	 1.Example sentence: He is the conveyor of a sacred reality by which he has been grasped . 
	 2.Example sentence: In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one 's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught . 
	 3.Example sentence: He moved back to the wheel and stood there blowing , grasping the top of a spoke to still the trembling of his played-out limbs . 
	 4.Example sentence: Pale yellow snapdragons that by pinching could be made to bite ; seed-pods of the balsams that snapped like fire-crackers at a touch ; red and yellow columbines whose round tipped spurs were picked off and eaten for the honey in them ; morning-glory buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a blown-up paper bag ; bright flowers from the trumpet vine that made `` gloves '' on the ends of ten waggling fingers . 

Frequency of Synset('keep.v.03'): 30  (retain possession of)
	 1.Example sentence: Hands on Bible , seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins . 
	 2.Example sentence: These were to be kept on , to hold in the 32 souls . 
	 3.Example sentence: A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws , but he kept control upon his voice . 
	 4.Example sentence: A 10 - gallon garbage can , with a tightly fitting cover , could be used to keep the wastes until it is safe to leave the shelter . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('adopt.v.01.espouse')
Frequency of Synset('adopt.v.01'): 46  (choose and follow; as of theories, ideas, policies, strategies or plans)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant . 
	 2.Example sentence: The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling . 
	 3.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 4.Example sentence: State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities . 

Frequency of Synset('marry.v.01'): 46  (take in marriage)
	 1.Example sentence: In one of his summers at home he married , to the great disapproval of his father , who objected because of his extreme youth . 
	 2.Example sentence: The son and heir of a prominent family marries a girl who has tell-tale shadows on the half-moons of her finger nails . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` When you marry , you want to have things in common '' , a girl said , `` and it 's hard when you do n't marry someone with your own background '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` When you marry , you want to have things in common '' , a girl said , `` and it 's hard when you do n't marry someone with your own background '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('overthrow.v.01.bring_down')
Frequency of Synset('lower.v.01'): 20  (move something or somebody to a lower position)
	 1.Example sentence: Tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone . 
	 2.Example sentence: It gave him a chance to unload the stuff and get it down to the cellar without a barrage of acid comments . 
	 3.Example sentence: He lurched drunkenly to his feet , lowered his head , and took one step away from the wall . 
	 4.Example sentence: He let down the tailgate and was knocked over by the sluice of water . 

Frequency of Synset('reduce.v.01'): 122  (cut down on; make a reduction in)
	 1.Example sentence: Can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Would it be feasible to limit the menu in order to reduce feeding costs ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Would early retirement of non-productive , disabled employees reduce the number of make-work jobs ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('dance.v.01.dance')
Frequency of Synset('dance.v.01'): 16  (move in a graceful and rhythmical way)
	 1.Example sentence: Naked girls danced in the chancel of the Abbey , the youngest and seemingly the most innocent being chosen to read a sermon filled with veiled depravities . 
	 2.Example sentence: What you were looking for ( unless you make a hobby of collecting old tennis rackets and fly screens ) eludes me , but to judge from phonograph records scattered about a fumed oak Victrola , you danced two tangos and a paso doble , which must have been fairly enervating in that milieu . 
	 3.Example sentence: She enjoyed great parties when she would sit up talking and dancing and drinking all night , but it always seemed to her that being alone , especially alone in her house , was the realest part of life . 
	 4.Example sentence: I'm not pleading for the heart that leaps up when it beholds a rainbow in the sky , or for the heart that with rapture fills and dances with the daffodils . 

Frequency of Synset('dance.v.02'): 13  (move in a pattern; usually to musical accompaniment; do or perform a dance)
	 1.Example sentence: And little Zeme North , a Dora with real spirit and verve , was fascinating whether she was singing of her love for Floyd , the cop who becomes sewer commissioner and then is promoted into garbage , or just dancing to display her exuberant feelings . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` All because I did n't feel like dancing '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Martha picked up the hem of her gown and with eyes closed she slowly began to dance a stately minuet around the ballroom . 
	 4.Example sentence: Daughter of a gypsy mother who taught her to dance , she is one of the few really beautiful girls in the New York casbah , with dark eyes and dark , waist-length hair , the face of an adolescent patrician and a lithe , glimmering body . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('phonograph_record.n.01.disc')
Frequency of Synset('phonograph_record.n.01'): 33  (sound recording consisting of a disk with a continuous groove; used to reproduce music by rotating while a phonograph needle tracks in the groove)
	 1.Example sentence: We attended the premieres of his concertos , symphonies , and suites ; we studied , taught , and performed his piano sonatas , chamber music , gavottes , and marches ; we bought his records and played them in our schools and universities . 
	 2.Example sentence: He has also enjoyed a successful career as an entertainer ( his records have sold in the millions ) and is a sharp businessman . 
	 3.Example sentence: But having lived with the disc for some time now , I find the performance less exciting than either Schnabel 's or Fleisher 's ( whose superb performance with the Budapest Quartet has still to be recorded ) and a good deal less filled with humor than Curzon 's . 
	 4.Example sentence: Aeschbacher 's work is very much akin to Schnabel 's , but the sound on his Decca disc is dated , and you will have a hard time locating a copy of it . 

Frequency of Synset('disk.n.01'): 13  (something with a round shape resembling a flat circular plate)
	 1.Example sentence: Hal , the linguist , saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein . 
	 2.Example sentence: They deduced from their measurements that the radio emission from the whole disk of the moon varied during a lunation in a roughly sinusoidal fashion ; that the amplitude of the variation was considerably less than the amplitude of the variation in the infrared emission as measured by Pettit and Nicholson ( 1930 ) and Pettit ( 1935 ) ; and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3 - 1 2 days after Full Moon , which is again in contrast to the infrared emission , which reaches its maximum at Full Moon . 
	 3.Example sentence: The maximum angular diameter of any planetary disk as observed from the earth is about 1 minute of arc . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is much smaller than the highest resolution of even the very large reflectors now under construction , and consequently the radio emission of different regions of the disk cannot be resolved . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('accelerate.v.01.quicken')
Frequency of Synset('accelerate.v.01'): 17  (move faster)
	 1.Example sentence: National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . 
	 2.Example sentence: Could it be that it speeded up for the aged in some mysterious way , as if a bored universe were skipping through the end of the chapter just to get it over with ? 
	 3.Example sentence: If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs . 
	 4.Example sentence: Virtually everyone agrees , however , that the trend toward female sexual aggressiveness was tremendously accelerated with the postwar rush to the suburbs . 

Frequency of Synset('animate.v.04'): 11  (give new life or energy to)
	 1.Example sentence: Equally a master of prose and verse , he recreates the glory of Sweden in the past and continues it into the present . 
	 2.Example sentence: Though his inner thoughts cringed at it , he forced himself to think back , recreating the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him molesting the child . 
	 3.Example sentence: William Gilmore Simms , sturdy realist that he was , pleaded for a natural robustness such as he found in his favorites the great Elizabethans , to vivify the pale writings being produced around him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve , vary and recreate through oral transmission . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mind.n.01.psyche')
Frequency of Synset('mind.n.01'): 97  (that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I looked unceasingly With my cold mind and with my burning heart '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host 's fertile but disorganized mind . 
	 4.Example sentence: They give strict interpretation to William James ' statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . 

Frequency of Synset('soul.n.01'): 15  (the immaterial part of a person; the actuating cause of an individual life)
	 1.Example sentence: `` There is a spark dwells deep within my soul . 
	 2.Example sentence: Next he addressed himself to our souls . 
	 3.Example sentence: A man has 32 souls , one for each part of the body . 
	 4.Example sentence: Those souls like to wander off , and must be called back . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('liquor.n.01.spirits')
Frequency of Synset('liquor.n.01'): 11  (an alcoholic beverage that is distilled rather than fermented)
	 1.Example sentence: For three years , since the liquor territorial conference , Torrio had , with his elastic patience , and because he knew that retaliation could cause only violent warfare and disaster to business , tolerated O ' Banion 's impudent double-crossing . 
	 2.Example sentence: These booze customers had until then been buying their supplies from the Sheldon , Saltis-McErlane , and Druggan-Lake gangs , and now they were competing for trade with the Torrio-Capone saloons ; once again O ' Banion 's brash recklessness had caused a proliferation of ill will . 
	 3.Example sentence: Early in 1822 he was at Fort Garry offering to bring in pork , flour , liquor and tobacco . 
	 4.Example sentence: Many of them sincerely believe that the use of liquor in any form or in any degree is intrinsically evil and sinful . 

Frequency of Synset('spirit.n.01'): 44  (the vital principle or animating force within living things)
	 1.Example sentence: He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pausing in the doorway he said : `` The form of the human female , unlike her mind and her spirit , is the most challenging loveliness in all nature '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Poor where they had once been rich , humbled where they had been arrogant , having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation , the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country . 
	 4.Example sentence: He , and Mrs. Dalloway , too , had never permitted themselves the luxury of joys that dug into the bone marrow of the spirit . 

Frequency of Synset('spirit.n.02'): 63  (the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people)
	 1.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` folksy spirit '' of Protestant religious life ; in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 

Frequency of Synset('spirit.n.03'): 11  (a fundamental emotional and activating principle determining one's character)
	 1.Example sentence: In the American `` hardboiled '' detective story of the ' 20 s and ' 30 s , the spirit of the mad genius from Baker Street lives on . 
	 2.Example sentence: Of all the thousands of men who have served in the 7 th Cav , perhaps no one knows its spirit better than Lieutenant Colonel Melbourne C. Chandler . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was filled with the spirit of the Fighting Seventh . 
	 4.Example sentence: And so Mel Chandler got the spirit of Garryowen . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('grok.v.01.comprehend')
Frequency of Synset('grok.v.01'): 14  (get the meaning of something)
	 1.Example sentence: He could not grasp that Lord had withdrawn from the fight minutes ago , and that his leaden arms were flailing at nothing but the air . 
	 2.Example sentence: He must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the whole - when the whole is too large to grasp . 
	 3.Example sentence: Particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist , some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware , and the recognition of which , as a part of himself , he finds distinctly unwelcome . 
	 4.Example sentence: But at the end of the sitting , when Michelangelo showed him the quick , free drawings , with the mother roughed in , holding her son , the model grasped what Michelangelo was after , and promised to speak to his friends . 

Frequency of Synset('perceive.v.01'): 16  (to become aware of through the senses)
	 1.Example sentence: Whitehead is here questioning David Hume 's understanding of the nature of experience ; he is questioning , also , every epistemology which stems from Hume 's presupposition that experience is merely sense data in abstraction from causal efficacy , and that causal efficacy is something intellectually imputed to the world , not directly perceived . 
	 2.Example sentence: He knows that he is thinking about action in relation to a future which can be perceived but dimly through a merciful fog . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations , at least in regard to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors . 
	 4.Example sentence: If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations , at least in regard to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors . 

Frequency of Synset('embrace.v.01'): 15  (include in scope; include as part of something broader; have as one's sphere or territory)
	 1.Example sentence: For the purposes of this discussion , the problem of relative prices is encompassed in these two variables , since GNP includes other prices . 
	 2.Example sentence: It does n't embrace only the artist , alone before his easel . 
	 3.Example sentence: All this expands the oscillation between surface and depth so as to encompass fictive space in front of the surface as well as behind it . 
	 4.Example sentence: It wit is a misnomer because it covers slips as well as wit . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('attest.v.02.attest')
Frequency of Synset('attest.v.01'): 27  (provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes)
	 1.Example sentence: During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment - and the bitterest irony - enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : 
	 2.Example sentence: There is much research evidence to validate the use of the instrument in differentiating individuals who are likely to manifest anxiety in varying degrees . 
	 3.Example sentence: Certainly , one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-Semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon . 
	 4.Example sentence: Particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist , some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware , and the recognition of which , as a part of himself , he finds distinctly unwelcome . 

Frequency of Synset('testify.v.01'): 14  (give testimony in a court of law)
	 1.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 
	 2.Example sentence: Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was a man , those neighbors testified later , who did n't have a friend in the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: When authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license ( he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of 77 ) , one of his victims was not around to testify : He was dead of cancer . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('depart.v.03.start_out')
Frequency of Synset('get_down.v.07'): 436  (take the first step or steps in carrying out an action)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth 's glance began to flicker to his watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 4.Example sentence: The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman . 

Frequency of Synset('depart.v.03'): 20  (leave)
	 1.Example sentence: Hitching his cartridge belt around , Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side . 
	 2.Example sentence: Looking the setup over , Stevens started coolly for the rear of the place . 
	 3.Example sentence: Clapping spurs to the bronc he set off at a sharp canter , with growing alarm . 
	 4.Example sentence: Vastly relieved , Summers nodded and started toward the door . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('spot.v.02.tell_apart')
Frequency of Synset('spot.v.02'): 31  (detect with the senses)
	 1.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 2.Example sentence: And you recognized me '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` But when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times , I knew I had been framed , and withdrew almost at once '' . 

Frequency of Synset('distinguish.v.01'): 29  (mark as different)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? 
	 2.Example sentence: It was , too , an optimistic philosophy , and , though it separated law from morality , it was by no means an immoral or amoral one . 
	 3.Example sentence: Man , we are told , is endowed with reason and is capable of distinguishing good from bad . 
	 4.Example sentence: What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast self enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non Jewish world . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('rush.v.01.speed')
Frequency of Synset('rush.v.01'): 37  (move fast)
	 1.Example sentence: He fought down the impulse to rush in and collar the vicious puncher on the spot . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them - heavy , ominous , leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills . 
	 3.Example sentence: Walls of water rushed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods . 
	 4.Example sentence: It raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair , sitting astride an upright branch . 

Frequency of Synset('accelerate.v.01'): 17  (move faster)
	 1.Example sentence: National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . 
	 2.Example sentence: Could it be that it speeded up for the aged in some mysterious way , as if a bored universe were skipping through the end of the chapter just to get it over with ? 
	 3.Example sentence: If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs . 
	 4.Example sentence: Virtually everyone agrees , however , that the trend toward female sexual aggressiveness was tremendously accelerated with the postwar rush to the suburbs . 

Frequency of Synset('travel_rapidly.v.01'): 25  (move very fast)
	 1.Example sentence: Leading his pony , he hurried that way , not remounting till he was well below the level of the surrounding range . 
	 2.Example sentence: A half hour later he got her up to go out for breakfast so the Ferraros , hearing them hurrying down the stairs , would think they were going to a late mass . 
	 3.Example sentence: His son watched until he got as far as the hall , almost out of sight , then hurried after . 
	 4.Example sentence: If you hurry you might beat the headquarters boys '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('back.r.02.backward')
Frequency of Synset('back.r.02'): 37  (at or to or toward the back or rear)
	 1.Example sentence: A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . 
	 2.Example sentence: Curt circled the house and located a barn out back . 
	 3.Example sentence: As he crossed to the side of the stall , Curt drew his gun and clicked back the hammer . 
	 4.Example sentence: He moved back to the wheel and stood there blowing , grasping the top of a spoke to still the trembling of his played-out limbs . 

Frequency of Synset('back.r.04'): 15  (in or to or toward a past time)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Here , too , the cause to hate lay well back in the years . 
	 3.Example sentence: And I done favors for you , big favor not so long back , did n't I , and I 'm right here to take on where Pretty left off . 
	 4.Example sentence: All just by chance , and in a way tracing back to poor Frank , all of it , because naturally - brothers , living together - and Angie - 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('trip.v.04.actuate')
Frequency of Synset('trip.v.04'): 14  (put in motion or move to act)
	 1.Example sentence: In some cases , however , domination of the sex act by one partner can be temporary , triggered by a passing but urgent emotional need . 
	 2.Example sentence: This in turn sets off an alarm , notifying the observers at the station that a tsunami is in progress . 
	 3.Example sentence: Many years later , the photon counting apparatus in the nose of the ship would determine that the star was close enough to actuate deceleration . 
	 4.Example sentence: J. Wheaton Smith , editor of the Warren Telegraph stated that `` the ends of justice must be satisfied , a solitary example must be set , in order that all those misnamed philantropists [ sic ] , who , actuated by a blind zeal , dare to instigate riot , treason , and murder , may heed it and shape their future course accordingly '' . 

Frequency of Synset('motivate.v.01'): 14  (give an incentive for action)
	 1.Example sentence: His cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present . 
	 2.Example sentence: My wish to meet Samuel Beckett had been prompted by simple curiosity and interest in his work . 
	 3.Example sentence: It takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger unities of power and influence and to view one 's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern , devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection . 
	 4.Example sentence: A related question is whether unemployed workers can be motivated to take the training provided . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('comply.v.01.abide_by')
Frequency of Synset('comply.v.01'): 18  (act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes)
	 1.Example sentence: Jackson runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader . 
	 2.Example sentence: Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; petitioner was not denied due process ; and his conviction is sustained . 
	 3.Example sentence: The trial judge decided that the administrative procedures of the Act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such documents . 
	 4.Example sentence: Complying methodically , Pat pulled pocket after pocket inside out without finding a thing . 

Frequency of Synset('respect.v.02'): 11  (show respect towards)
	 1.Example sentence: How can we have a good city unless we respect morality '' ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed . 
	 3.Example sentence: Since there are almost no schools in the country offering graduate work in interior design this rule cannot at present be observed . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now Eileen really would have to settle down to love honor and obey , and she 'd have to quit drinking . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fill.v.01.fill_up')
Frequency of Synset('fill.v.01'): 57  (make full, also in a metaphorical sense)
	 1.Example sentence: Emerson - Platonist , idealist , doctrinaire - sounded a high Transcendental note in his `` Boston Hymn '' , delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : `` Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was filled with dust and wind and sound and violence . 
	 3.Example sentence: Walls of water rushed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods . 
	 4.Example sentence: She was deeply , horribly sure that Lucien had filled it with opium . 

Frequency of Synset('fill.v.02'): 11  (become full)
	 1.Example sentence: Hundreds of miles to the north , the route back to England through the `` Furious Overfall '' was again filling with ice . 
	 2.Example sentence: hell will be filde with do [ c ] ters and offersey when this war is over '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: In place of the police headquarters was a new square filled with rubble . 
	 4.Example sentence: The bubble was filled to the top and special precautions were taken to prevent any sample from remaining in the capillary . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hope.v.03.go_for')
Frequency of Synset('apply.v.02'): 29  (be pertinent or relevant or applicable)
	 1.Example sentence: It appears to us that the same reasoning applies to the production of the hearing officer 's report and notes at the trial . 
	 2.Example sentence: This explanation of tone difficulties , however , does not apply in all languages . 
	 3.Example sentence: Wage price policies of industry are the result of a complex of forces - no single explanation has been found which applies to all cases . 
	 4.Example sentence: This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition `` . 

Frequency of Synset('accept.v.03'): 17  (give an affirmative reply to; respond favorably to)
	 1.Example sentence: Will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was no law , domestic or international , except that willed by , acknowledged by , or consented to by states . 
	 4.Example sentence: The measures for annihilation proposed and accepted at the Conference affected industry , transportation , civilian agencies of government . 

Frequency of Synset('hope.v.03'): 23  (intend with some possibility of fulfilment)
	 1.Example sentence: Suddenly it seemed to him insane that they might hope to locate Gyp Carmer so casually , even were he to prove the thief . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sweat broke out on Mr. Skyros ' forehead as he realized he had been actually thinking - hoping - planning - perhaps - 
	 3.Example sentence: As Curt had hoped , the house door banged open . 
	 4.Example sentence: What type of action can hope to win public support , first in this country and then abroad ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('disk.n.01.disk')
Frequency of Synset('disk.n.01'): 13  (something with a round shape resembling a flat circular plate)
	 1.Example sentence: Hal , the linguist , saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein . 
	 2.Example sentence: They deduced from their measurements that the radio emission from the whole disk of the moon varied during a lunation in a roughly sinusoidal fashion ; that the amplitude of the variation was considerably less than the amplitude of the variation in the infrared emission as measured by Pettit and Nicholson ( 1930 ) and Pettit ( 1935 ) ; and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3 - 1 2 days after Full Moon , which is again in contrast to the infrared emission , which reaches its maximum at Full Moon . 
	 3.Example sentence: The maximum angular diameter of any planetary disk as observed from the earth is about 1 minute of arc . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is much smaller than the highest resolution of even the very large reflectors now under construction , and consequently the radio emission of different regions of the disk cannot be resolved . 

Frequency of Synset('phonograph_record.n.01'): 33  (sound recording consisting of a disk with a continuous groove; used to reproduce music by rotating while a phonograph needle tracks in the groove)
	 1.Example sentence: We attended the premieres of his concertos , symphonies , and suites ; we studied , taught , and performed his piano sonatas , chamber music , gavottes , and marches ; we bought his records and played them in our schools and universities . 
	 2.Example sentence: He has also enjoyed a successful career as an entertainer ( his records have sold in the millions ) and is a sharp businessman . 
	 3.Example sentence: But having lived with the disc for some time now , I find the performance less exciting than either Schnabel 's or Fleisher 's ( whose superb performance with the Budapest Quartet has still to be recorded ) and a good deal less filled with humor than Curzon 's . 
	 4.Example sentence: Aeschbacher 's work is very much akin to Schnabel 's , but the sound on his Decca disc is dated , and you will have a hard time locating a copy of it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('attract.v.01.pull_in')
Frequency of Synset('attract.v.01'): 35  (direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physical attributes)
	 1.Example sentence: If he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested , he had his answer a moment later . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World - the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated - the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America - the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso - the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art - the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . 
	 3.Example sentence: In spending his money today , the consumer is pulled in many directions . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Roger , Sweeney '' , Todman called back , and pulled his four in and slightly above Greg . 

Frequency of Synset('gain.v.08'): 36  (earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages)
	 1.Example sentence: Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; he found money much more interesting ; but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living - and paid for his own stuff - and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill . 
	 2.Example sentence: He conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the Sicilians , but he had his huge North Side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money . 
	 3.Example sentence: In deciding how much land you want , take into account the amount you 'll need to bring in the income you expect . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the United States . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('try.v.01.essay')
Frequency of Synset('try.v.01'): 390  (make an effort or attempt)
	 1.Example sentence: When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do you try to maintain the principle of employee contributed ( as opposed to fully company paid ) programs ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Feverishly , he tried to brush away this intuition . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hands on Bible , seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins . 

Frequency of Synset('test.v.01'): 50  (put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to)
	 1.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long sought waterway . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ideas need to be tested , and not merely by argument and debate . 
	 4.Example sentence: A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('ask.v.01.enquire')
Frequency of Synset('ask.v.01'): 243  (inquire about)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund . 
	 2.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ask Mr. Keo '' . 

Frequency of Synset('investigate.v.02'): 11  (conduct an inquiry or investigation of)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to make Jess talk , and he had to do it before Stacey Black got curious and came to investigate . 
	 2.Example sentence: Today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases , but his primary function remains what it has always been , to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whatever his original assignment , the fictional private eye ends up by investigating and solving a crime , usually a murder . 
	 4.Example sentence: Once Todman thought he had spotted a tank and went down to investigate while Greg covered him . 

Frequency of Synset('wonder.v.01'): 49  (have a wish or desire to know something)
	 1.Example sentence: We flew in rickety planes so overloaded that we wondered why they did n't crash . 
	 2.Example sentence: I wonder if the Carters would take one . 
	 3.Example sentence: he wondered . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I think I 'll sleep in this morning '' , she said drowsily , and as she snuggled against him , he wondered if she ever went to church . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('fiber.n.01.fiber')
Frequency of Synset('fiber.n.01'): 13  (a slender and greatly elongated substance capable of being spun into yarn)
	 1.Example sentence: Many of the myocardial fibers were hypertrophied and had large , irregular , basophilic nuclei . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the gastrocnemius and biceps there were many swollen and homogeneous necrotic fibers such as that shown in Figure 2 . 
	 3.Example sentence: Such swollen fibers were deeply eosinophilic , contained a few pyknotic nuclei , and showed loss of cross striations , obliteration of myofibrils , and prominent vacuolization . 
	 4.Example sentence: The necrosis often involved only a portion of the length of a given fiber , and usually the immediately adjacent fibers were normal . 

Frequency of Synset('character.n.03'): 11  (the inherent complex of attributes that determines a persons moral and ethical actions and reactions; - Herbert Spencer)
	 1.Example sentence: One who invites such trials of character is either foolhardy , overconfident or too simple and childlike in faith in mankind to see the danger . 
	 2.Example sentence: But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths . 
	 3.Example sentence: And the basic character of that liberalism has been spiritual rather than economic . 
	 4.Example sentence: A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('grok.v.01.apprehend')
Frequency of Synset('grok.v.01'): 14  (get the meaning of something)
	 1.Example sentence: He could not grasp that Lord had withdrawn from the fight minutes ago , and that his leaden arms were flailing at nothing but the air . 
	 2.Example sentence: He must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the whole - when the whole is too large to grasp . 
	 3.Example sentence: Particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist , some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware , and the recognition of which , as a part of himself , he finds distinctly unwelcome . 
	 4.Example sentence: But at the end of the sitting , when Michelangelo showed him the quick , free drawings , with the mother roughed in , holding her son , the model grasped what Michelangelo was after , and promised to speak to his friends . 

Frequency of Synset('collar.v.01'): 26  (take into custody)
	 1.Example sentence: He fought down the impulse to rush in and collar the vicious puncher on the spot . 
	 2.Example sentence: I just do n't want to go off half cocked before picking up Black , that 's all '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: O ' Banion tucked away his gun and walked out of the theatre ; he was neither prosecuted nor even arrested . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Now they 've gone , they did n't come back , and they did n't arrest that Dronk boy '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('beget.v.01.bring_forth')
Frequency of Synset('generate.v.01'): 12  (bring into existence)
	 1.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Applying the techniques developed at Harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification , we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at once . 
	 3.Example sentence: The responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function , regardless of rank . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1707 an earthquake in Japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the Inland Sea ; one wave swamped more than 1000 ships and boats in Osaka Bay . 

Frequency of Synset('produce.v.01'): 67  (bring forth or yield)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , 1745 corresponded to the invention of the `` Leiden '' jar by Kleist , 1764 that of the electrophorus by Wilcke , 1782 produced the condenser of Volta , and 1801 the voltaic pile . 
	 2.Example sentence: That doctrine has been accepted by many , but has it produced good results ? 
	 3.Example sentence: We must not forget , to be sure , that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results . 
	 4.Example sentence: But it is a clumsy and wasteful process : it can produce negative results but not much that is positive . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('travel_by.v.01.go_past')
Frequency of Synset('travel_by.v.01'): 30  (move past)
	 1.Example sentence: Early in June , the Discovery passed `` Desolation '' ( southern Greenland ) and in mid-June entered the `` Furious Overfall '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 
	 3.Example sentence: Gilborn passed by him without seeing him . 
	 4.Example sentence: When you pass a church on an Irish bus , all the hands flurry in the sign of the cross . 

Frequency of Synset('exceed.v.02'): 12  (be superior or better than some standard)
	 1.Example sentence: Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress . 
	 2.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 
	 4.Example sentence: The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $ 4500000 ; the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $ 4000000 ; and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $ 3500000 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('bespeak.v.01.bespeak')
Frequency of Synset('bespeak.v.01'): 73  (be a signal for or a symptom of)
	 1.Example sentence: The secretary 's tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a concession for which Madden should be duly grateful . 
	 2.Example sentence: He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . 
	 3.Example sentence: She could not resist the opportunity `` of showing her superiority in argument over a man '' which she had remarked as one of the `` feminine follies '' of Sara Sullam ; and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception - he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College - until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive . 

Frequency of Synset('request.v.01'): 11  (express the need or desire for; ask for)
	 1.Example sentence: Hudson , presiding , heard Juet 's defense , then called for testimony from crew members . 
	 2.Example sentence: Where this approach becomes critical , the industry can be expected to put much emphasis on this as evidence of its sincerity in `` resisting '' the wage pressures of a powerful union , requesting tariff relief after it has `` reluctantly '' acceded to the union pressure . 
	 3.Example sentence: The plan called for divestiture by du Pont of its 63000000 shares of General Motors stock by equal annual distributions to its stockholders , as a dividend , over a period of ten years . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Conference called for a vigorous campaign against the open or secret sale of contraceptives . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('follow.v.06.come_after')
Frequency of Synset('follow.v.06'): 15  (come after in time, as a result)
	 1.Example sentence: There followed a customary Department of Justice hearing , at which petitioner appeared . 
	 2.Example sentence: Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so . 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . 
	 4.Example sentence: Other examples follow . 

Frequency of Synset('succeed.v.02'): 14  (be the successor (of))
	 1.Example sentence: They were followed by crack North Korean troops , who mounted one charge after another . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Oakes succeeds Charles Merz , editor since 1938 , who now becomes editor emeritus . 
	 3.Example sentence: She was succeeded by Clarence Goyette . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Colonial Light and Power Company was succeeded by the Vermont Hydro-Electric Corporation , which in turn was absorbed by the Central Vermont Public Service Corporation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('switch.v.04.change_over')
Frequency of Synset('switch.v.04'): 14  (make a shift in or exchange of)
	 1.Example sentence: The substantial progress being made in ballistic missile technology is rapidly shifting the main threat from manned bombers to missiles . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was a relief to shift in his mind to technical problems . 
	 3.Example sentence: To make it clearer he shifted to acting out , but with no change of manner , the killing of Rose Mallory . 
	 4.Example sentence: Jubal could n't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting - ABC vs D , then BCD vs A & & & or AB vs CD , or AD vs CB , through all ways that four women can gang up on each other . 

Frequency of Synset('convert.v.01'): 13  (change from one system to another or to a new plan or policy)
	 1.Example sentence: Studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the other hand , to greet them with delight would convert what before was neutral into something good ; it would bring goodness into the world . 
	 3.Example sentence: You may therefore convert the gun into a small-game and plinking arm , although the difference in the point of impact ( Jet vs. rim-fire ) can be somewhat disconcerting . 
	 4.Example sentence: It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('guess.v.02.hazard')
Frequency of Synset('guess.v.02'): 15  (put forward, of a guess, in spite of possible refutation)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Now , now , you 're just guessing , Sergeant '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Ca n't you guess '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: He guessed by their appearance that they were Rumanians . 

Frequency of Synset('gamble.v.01'): 15  (take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome)
	 1.Example sentence: Yet he must chance it . 
	 2.Example sentence: ( b ) A message runs too great a risk of being distorted if it is to be relayed more than about six consecutive times . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` You 'll just have to risk it . 
	 4.Example sentence: When Fred Powell 's brother-in-law , Charlie Keane , moved into the dead man 's home , the anonymous letter writer took no chances on Charlie taking up where Fred had left off and wasted no time on a first notice : 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('earn.v.02.garner')
Frequency of Synset('earn.v.02'): 15  (acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions)
	 1.Example sentence: Joan Sheldon had earned the larger bequest . 
	 2.Example sentence: They get all the glory and most of the pay and do n't earn ten cents apiece on the average , the drunken rascals '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: If we want respect from ourselves or others , we will have to earn it . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , on the basis of the regression equation , a child with an I. Q. of 120 in this sample would be expected to earn an achievement test score of 4.8 ( grade equivalent ) . 

Frequency of Synset('gather.v.01'): 35  (assemble or get together)
	 1.Example sentence: Nerves tight as a bowstring , he paused to gather his wits . 
	 2.Example sentence: Under the sponsorship of the Office of Naval Research and the Advanced Research Projects Agency , a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition probabilities . 
	 3.Example sentence: They want to be fat cats , Pam thought , and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('dry.v.02.dry_out')
Frequency of Synset('dry.v.02'): 11  (become dry or drier)
	 1.Example sentence: When the cloth dried and stiffened , he saw what adjustments had to be made . 
	 2.Example sentence: A very fine , gray solid ( about 15 g ) is formed , water-washed by centrifugation , and dried at 110 ` C . 
	 3.Example sentence: Even before the benches had dried , the Civil War veterans were straggling back to their places . 
	 4.Example sentence: Juanita and Mrs. Tussle kept Kate in bed a week until her milk dried . 

Frequency of Synset('dry.v.01'): 12  (remove the moisture from and make dry)
	 1.Example sentence: The burning air dried his sweat soaked clothes in salt edged patches . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was spoiled now for seed , and it would sour and mold in three days if they failed to find a place and fuel to dry it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then I dry the sheet under mild pressure so that it will lie flat as a board . 
	 4.Example sentence: I also use a small electric hand blower to dry large washes in the studio . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('take.v.04.get_hold_of')
Frequency of Synset('take.v.04'): 48  (get into one's hands, take physically)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: She was still hugging the stained coat around her , so I said , `` Relax , let me take your things . 
	 3.Example sentence: and , Here , I 'll take this , I was before her , you wait on me now or I do n't bother with it , see ! 
	 4.Example sentence: He kills when he pleases , takes his women where he finds them and always acts as judge , jury and executioner rolled into one . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.04'): 32  (be in or establish communication with)
	 1.Example sentence: The transmutation of mission to co-optation is further indicated by the insignificance of educational activities , worship , preaching , and publicity in reaching new members . 
	 2.Example sentence: They seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new . 
	 3.Example sentence: There would be all the nuisance of contacting someone else to take over . 
	 4.Example sentence: To his amazement he reached him . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('testify.v.02.bear_witness')
Frequency of Synset('testify.v.02'): 65  (provide evidence for)
	 1.Example sentence: Juet demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial . 
	 2.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Reading the Old Testament would have shown the dramatist that the ideas attributed to Shylock were abhorrent to the Jews . 
	 4.Example sentence: Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle . 

Frequency of Synset('testify.v.01'): 14  (give testimony in a court of law)
	 1.Example sentence: By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U. S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . 
	 2.Example sentence: Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president . 
	 3.Example sentence: He was a man , those neighbors testified later , who did n't have a friend in the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: When authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license ( he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of 77 ) , one of his victims was not around to testify : He was dead of cancer . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('bide.v.01.abide')
Frequency of Synset('bide.v.01'): 24  (dwell)
	 1.Example sentence: From Go ^ ttingen ( 1801 ) where he stayed for 10 days , he wrote , `` The first question asked everywhere is about galvanism . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted joined Ritter at Jena and stayed with him for 3 weeks , continuing their correspondence after he left . 
	 3.Example sentence: There was , of course , no special reason to believe that the man or woman they sought had stayed only overnight at the hotel . 
	 4.Example sentence: A combo was staying there . 

Frequency of Synset('digest.v.03'): 36  (put up with something or somebody unpleasant)
	 1.Example sentence: Can they stand rigid scrutiny ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Shakespeare 's wit and wisdom , his profound insight into human nature , have stood the test of centuries . 
	 3.Example sentence: In any case but the last , such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual ; the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining . 
	 4.Example sentence: Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? 

