Synsets with frequency > 50 
Number of lemmapos: 194

-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('long.a.01.long')
Frequency of Synset('long.a.01'): 102  (primarily temporal sense; being or indicating a relatively great or greater than average duration or passage of time or a duration as specified)
	 1.Example sentence: How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long sought waterway . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 

Frequency of Synset('long.a.02'): 90  (primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified)
	 1.Example sentence: Vending machines can alleviate the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time . 
	 2.Example sentence: All through July the Discovery picked her way along the 450 - mile long strait , avoiding ice and rocky islands . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as `` Nameless and Immortal '' , which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language . 
	 4.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('be.v.01.be')
Frequency of Synset('be.v.01'): 9825  (have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun))
	 1.Example sentence: How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.02'): 2858  (be identical to; be someone or something)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 3.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.03'): 766  (occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: In what section of the country are you located ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you in a rural or urban area ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mr. Hohlbein was out for the day , but Mr. Garth would be free at one-thirty . 

Frequency of Synset('exist.v.01'): 788  (have an existence, be extant)
	 1.Example sentence: Are there other , cheaper communications techniques that could be substituted ? 
	 2.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are two sides of a coin for this decision . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job . 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.05'): 662  (happen, occur, take place)
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Ahead were perilous , ice filled waters . 
	 3.Example sentence: On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . 
	 4.Example sentence: To starboard was a cape a thousand feet high , patched with ice and snow , populated by thousands of screaming sea birds . 

Frequency of Synset('equal.v.01'): 281  (be identical or equivalent to)
	 1.Example sentence: Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' - He stopped and looked at Thor 's body . 
	 2.Example sentence: The estimated standard deviations of the data for two of the resistors were 1 millidegree ; and for the third resistor , 3.3 millidegrees . 
	 3.Example sentence: The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 * * f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the | l point . 
	 4.Example sentence: The result has been neglect , fumbling efforts , or superficial treatment . 

Frequency of Synset('constitute.v.01'): 215  (form or compose)
	 1.Example sentence: It was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did Byron 's Childe Harold . 
	 2.Example sentence: To get it out into the daylight 's glow Is my life 's aim both first and last , the whole . 
	 3.Example sentence: That little spark is all the wealth I know , That little spark is my life 's misery '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: That little spark is all the wealth I know , That little spark is my life 's misery '' . 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.08'): 82  (work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function)
	 1.Example sentence: Practically all the people of Laos , he explained - about two million of them - are rice farmers , and the means and motives of modern war are as strange to them as clocks and steel plows . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Keo , once a diplomat in Paris and Washington , was Commissioner of Rural Affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: You might say we are in the nation building business '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 

Frequency of Synset('embody.v.02'): 63  (represent, as of a character on stage)
	 1.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Katya Roslev , who would be Katharine Ross so very soon now , rang up her first sale of the day and counted back the change . 
	 3.Example sentence: She did n't mind working hard , not as if she figured to do anything wrong to live easy and soft - all she wanted was a chance , where she was n't marked as what she was . 
	 4.Example sentence: To be Katharine Ross , and work in a nicer shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes , and learn ladies ' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with foreign sounding names , the ones went to the same church and - Different place , different job , different people , she 'd be all different too . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('let.v.01.permit')
Frequency of Synset('permit.v.01'): 103  (consent to, give permission)
	 1.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim - all in violation of the Fifth Amendment . 
	 3.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 4.Example sentence: No questions , statements , or explanations are permitted - only commands . 

Frequency of Synset('let.v.01'): 309  (make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('become.v.02.become')
Frequency of Synset('become.v.01'): 467  (enter or assume a certain state or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Even two or three years ago I doubt that she 'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: The theory of international law , which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in Europe and America , broke this unity and this universality . 
	 3.Example sentence: Indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . 
	 4.Example sentence: A Texan wrote to a male companion at home : `` What has become of Halda and Laura ? 

Frequency of Synset('become.v.02'): 215  (undergo a change or development)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The important result , however , was that Juet and Francis Clemens , the deposed boatswain , became Hudson 's sworn enemies . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the century from 1815 to 1914 the law of nations became international law . 
	 4.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('rather.r.01.rather')
Frequency of Synset('rather.r.01'): 79  (on the contrary)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 4.Example sentence: Consider using vending machines rather than subsidized cafeterias . 

Frequency of Synset('quite.r.01'): 52  (to a degree (not used with a negative))
	 1.Example sentence: Indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . 
	 2.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . 
	 4.Example sentence: This can only be for one of two reasons : either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence techniques ) , or our existing theories are insufficiently general . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('have.v.02.have')
Frequency of Synset('have.v.01'): 1192  (have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 3.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 4.Example sentence: If you have an annual or regular physical examination program , is it worth what it is costing you ? 

Frequency of Synset('have.v.02'): 385  (have as a feature)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Hallmark Cards , Inc. , Kansas City , Mo. , has a do-it-yourself quiz game called `` Benefit Bafflers '' , which it distributes to employees . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation . 

Frequency of Synset('experience.v.03'): 249  (go through (mental or physical states or experiences))
	 1.Example sentence: Even Hudson , experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was , must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames . 
	 2.Example sentence: Professor Fredrik Bo ^ o ^ k , Sweden 's foremost critic of the period , acclaims it as follows : `` In this we have the verse of a painter ; strongly colorful , plastic , racy , vivid . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 4.Example sentence: Boun My - the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky - was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . 

Frequency of Synset('own.v.01'): 151  (have ownership or possession of)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 3.Example sentence: Rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters admonitions or greetings to members of the Negro community . 
	 4.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 

Frequency of Synset('get.v.03'): 144  (cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Have the insurance company or your own accounting department break down the cost of your insurance package periodically . 
	 2.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure , the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses , the one who goes the farthest to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort . 
	 4.Example sentence: Really he had Mr. Skyros at bay . 

Frequency of Synset('consume.v.02'): 56  (serve oneself to, or consume regularly)
	 1.Example sentence: He had lunch with Pauling . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then they had dinner . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Since we 're having coffee with them this afternoon '' , he said , `` I think I 'll ask the daughter if we can pay her to come in every day to clean for us '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to N. V. Peale ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( Francis Thompson 's words for the Hound of Heaven 's pursuit ) by judicial fiat . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.03'): 119  (organize or be responsible for)
	 1.Example sentence: The trial was held September 10 . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have 2500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 4.Example sentence: The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West . 

Frequency of Synset('induce.v.02'): 122  (cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner)
	 1.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 
	 2.Example sentence: He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 4.Example sentence: As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared . 

Frequency of Synset('accept.v.02'): 62  (receive willingly something given or offered)
	 1.Example sentence: He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . 
	 2.Example sentence: He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . 
	 3.Example sentence: I wonder if the Carters would take one . 
	 4.Example sentence: Perhaps he had better have someone help him put up the pegboard and build the workbench - someone who knew what he was about . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.01'): 127  (get something; come into possession of)
	 1.Example sentence: Of these there are surely few that would be more rewarding discoveries than Verner von Heidenstam , the Swedish poet and novelist who received the award in 1916 and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago . 
	 2.Example sentence: In this final line , we have the key to his nature . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still another , annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive , wrote : `` Yore letter was short and sweet , jist like a roasted maget '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('make.v.01.make')
Frequency of Synset('make.v.01'): 953  (engage in)
	 1.Example sentence: What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation shutdown periods ? 
	 4.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 

Frequency of Synset('make.v.02'): 423  (give certain properties to something)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 4.Example sentence: Make sure you do n't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working . 

Frequency of Synset('make.v.03'): 326  (make or cause to be or to become)
	 1.Example sentence: These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Was she in the habit of making new wills '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 

Frequency of Synset('induce.v.02'): 122  (cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner)
	 1.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 
	 2.Example sentence: He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 4.Example sentence: As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared . 

Frequency of Synset('cause.v.01'): 194  (give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally)
	 1.Example sentence: Law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 3.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: If Mr. Skyros had dreamed of all the trouble that young man would eventually cause - 

Frequency of Synset('produce.v.02'): 86  (create or manufacture a man-made product)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 

Frequency of Synset('construct.v.01'): 155  (make by combining materials and parts)
	 1.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
	 3.Example sentence: An acoustical interferometer has been constructed and used , with helium gas as the thermometric fluid , to measure temperatures near 4.2 and 2.1 * * f . 
	 4.Example sentence: A wall stabilized high current arc source was constructed and used to study transition probabilities of atomic hydrogen and oxygen . 

Frequency of Synset('reach.v.01'): 113  (reach a destination, either real or abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: When she reached port , she was found to have on board only eight men , all near starvation . 
	 2.Example sentence: On May 11 , she reached Iceland . 
	 3.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 4.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.03'): 119  (organize or be responsible for)
	 1.Example sentence: The trial was held September 10 . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have 2500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 4.Example sentence: The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('result.n.03.result')
Frequency of Synset('consequence.n.01'): 199  (a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon)
	 1.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 
	 2.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: One result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 

Frequency of Synset('solution.n.02'): 52  (a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem)
	 1.Example sentence: This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . 
	 2.Example sentence: However , he continued experimenting and lecturing , publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals . 
	 3.Example sentence: For answers to such questions we must turn to the anthropologists , the biologists , the historians , the psychologists , and the sociologists . 
	 4.Example sentence: Pam found she had no answers ; had only a hope . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('reach.v.07.reach')
Frequency of Synset('reach.v.01'): 113  (reach a destination, either real or abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: When she reached port , she was found to have on board only eight men , all near starvation . 
	 2.Example sentence: On May 11 , she reached Iceland . 
	 3.Example sentence: It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes . 
	 4.Example sentence: In `` The King 's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . 

Frequency of Synset('pass.v.05'): 52  (place into the hands or custody of)
	 1.Example sentence: U. S. Rubber Company , New York , passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: But there is nothing in the Act requiring the hearing officer 's report to be likewise turned over to the registrant . 
	 3.Example sentence: Handing the money over , Russ wiped his hands on his pants-legs as if ridding himself of something unclean . 
	 4.Example sentence: He replenished the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('bigger.s.01.larger')
Frequency of Synset('bigger.s.01'): 57  (large or big relative to something else)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Joan Sheldon had earned the larger bequest . 
	 3.Example sentence: They spread over an area no larger than Oregon ; yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonians . 
	 4.Example sentence: While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous . 

Frequency of Synset('large.a.01'): 228  (above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It contained a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather armchairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded . 
	 4.Example sentence: As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the great strait . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('truly.r.01.really')
Frequency of Synset('truly.r.01'): 79  (in accordance with truth or fact or reality)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 2.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I really do have something important to tell you , Mr. Scott . 
	 4.Example sentence: I showed her the shower and tub , and she said , smiling , `` If you really do n't mind , I think I 'll get clean in the shower , then soak for a few minutes in your tub . 

Frequency of Synset('actually.r.01'): 76  (in actual fact)
	 1.Example sentence: Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 3.Example sentence: He again stated that he was `` a regular minister '' ; that he was `` devoting an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching publicly '' , in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other ministerial duties , and that he opposed war in any form . 
	 4.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 

Frequency of Synset('very.r.01'): 232  (used as intensifiers; `real' is sometimes used informally for `really'; `rattling' is informal)
	 1.Example sentence: And it makes a very poor red herring for an inside job . 
	 2.Example sentence: Very nice for him . 
	 3.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('want.v.02.need')
Frequency of Synset('necessitate.v.01'): 320  (require as useful, just, or proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 

Frequency of Synset('want.v.02'): 115  (have need of)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they 're entitled to . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('most.r.01.most')
Frequency of Synset('most.r.01'): 177  (used to form the superlative)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you using the most economical printing methods , paper , etc. . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One of the most common of camp maladies was diarrhoea . 

Frequency of Synset('most.r.02'): 60  (very)
	 1.Example sentence: In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most assuredly ideas are invaluable . 
	 3.Example sentence: The very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts ; usually , this is most exasperating to men , who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sadie studied piano ; played Chopin in the `` Soiree Musicale of Mr. Guthrie 's Pupils '' ; and she recited `` Hector 's Farewell to Andromache '' most movingly , to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds ' in Baltimore . 

Frequency of Synset('about.r.07'): 56  ((of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but)
	 1.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 4.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('work.n.01.work')
Frequency of Synset('work.n.01'): 87  (activity directed toward making or doing something)
	 1.Example sentence: Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work ? 

Frequency of Synset('work.n.02'): 76  (a product produced or accomplished through the effort or activity or agency of a person or thing)
	 1.Example sentence: `` The man 's true reputation is his work '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whether in prose or poetry , all of Heidenstam 's later work was concerned with Sweden . 
	 4.Example sentence: Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('cost.n.01.cost')
Frequency of Synset('cost.n.01'): 75  (the total spent for goods or services including money and time and labor)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs ? 

Frequency of Synset('monetary_value.n.01'): 63  (the property of having material worth (often indicated by the amount of money something would bring if sold))
	 1.Example sentence: When did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other sources ? 
	 2.Example sentence: When did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other sources ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Latest models serve hot meals at reasonable prices , and at a profit to you . 
	 4.Example sentence: If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('consider.v.05.consider')
Frequency of Synset('see.v.05'): 191  (deem to be)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A gift horse to be viewed with suspicion '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 4.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 

Frequency of Synset('study.v.03'): 63  (give careful consideration to)
	 1.Example sentence: We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner 's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not once , in the time that he had known her , had he ever considered the possibility , not once , not for one one-thousandth of a second , of her infidelity . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could not consider it now . 
	 4.Example sentence: The model of this paper considers an industry which is not characterized by vigorous price competition , but which is so basic that its wage price policies are held in check by continuous critical public scrutiny . 

Frequency of Synset('consider.v.03'): 73  (take into consideration for exemplifying purposes)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in plant feeding operation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . 

Frequency of Synset('think.v.01'): 279  (judge or regard; look upon; judge)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` They thout I was a saint . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A. M. A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you did n't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you did n't bathe . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('pay.v.01.pay')
Frequency of Synset('pay.v.01'): 138  (give money, usually in exchange for goods or services)
	 1.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . 
	 4.Example sentence: Make sure you do n't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.05'): 52  (convey, as of a compliment, regards, attention, etc.; bestow)
	 1.Example sentence: When you see them again give them my love - not best respects now , but love by God '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the villages people lined up to give us flowers . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Prime Minister paid his respects to the Buddhist monks , strode rapidly among the houses , joked with the local soldiery , and made a speech . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('make.v.01.do')
Frequency of Synset('make.v.01'): 953  (engage in)
	 1.Example sentence: What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation shutdown periods ? 
	 4.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 

Frequency of Synset('perform.v.01'): 196  (carry out or perform an action)
	 1.Example sentence: Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters ' sons to retain in camp Negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` That 's the last one we did . 
	 3.Example sentence: My lovely caller - Joyce Holland was her name - had previously done three filmed commercials for ZING , and this evening , the fourth , a super production , had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor . 
	 4.Example sentence: What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor 's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes - and handbag containing her identification . 

Frequency of Synset('do.v.03'): 125  (get (something) done)
	 1.Example sentence: Together they had probably done more than any other men to help push Laos toward the 20 th century - constructively . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I 've done several filmed commercials for - '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` It depends on who does it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so . 

Frequency of Synset('do.v.04'): 55  (proceed or get along)
	 1.Example sentence: It is significant , too , that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . 
	 2.Example sentence: The consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College outnumber the boys and do somewhat better academically . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nor can anyone be certain that Prokofieff would have done better , or even as well , under different circumstances . 
	 4.Example sentence: His fellow countryman , Igor Stravinsky , certainly did not . 

Frequency of Synset('cause.v.01'): 194  (give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally)
	 1.Example sentence: Law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 3.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: If Mr. Skyros had dreamed of all the trouble that young man would eventually cause - 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('understand.v.01.understand')
Frequency of Synset('understand.v.01'): 105  (know and comprehend the nature or meaning of)
	 1.Example sentence: Do your employees understand all the benefits to which your insurance entitles them ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Few writers have better understood their deepest selves . 
	 3.Example sentence: Neither of them , I understood , had been present at the filming session earlier . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . 

Frequency of Synset('understand.v.02'): 197  (perceive (an idea or situation) mentally)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd have consulted us , you see . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('value.n.01.value')
Frequency of Synset('value.n.01'): 65  (a numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you publicized the cents per hour value of the company 's share of insurance premiums ? 
	 2.Example sentence: This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago . 
	 3.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 
	 4.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 

Frequency of Synset('value.n.02'): 52  (the quality (positive or negative) that renders something desirable or valuable)
	 1.Example sentence: Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . 
	 2.Example sentence: Shakespeare 's Shylock , too , is of dubious value in the modern world . 
	 3.Example sentence: But what a super Herculean task it is to winnow anything of value from the mud beplastered arguments used so freely , particularly since such common use is made of cliches and stereotypes , in themselves declarations of intellectual bankruptcy . 
	 4.Example sentence: The paper has a certain value as a comparatively easy introduction to this approach , particularly since it treats a fairly simple and straightforward phenomenon where it is possible to compare it with a more traditional ( though not structural ) statement . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('move.v.02.move')
Frequency of Synset('travel.v.01'): 375  (change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically)
	 1.Example sentence: He thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth . 
	 2.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1800 , Manthey went abroad and Oersted was appointed manager of the Lion Pharmacy . 
	 4.Example sentence: A third remarked of slowness of Southerners : `` They moved about from corner to corner , as uneasy as a litter of hungry leaches on the neck of a wooden god '' . 

Frequency of Synset('move.v.02'): 52  (cause to move or shift into a new position or place, both in a concrete and in an abstract sense)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The lieutenant eyed Gun 's reflection in the mirror over the washbowl and then glanced back at his own face , moving the comb methodically around his head . 
	 3.Example sentence: He moved the flights over against one wall . 
	 4.Example sentence: If the artist would study his work more thoroughly and move certain units in his design , often only slightly , finer pictures would result . 

Frequency of Synset('go.v.02'): 107  (follow a procedure or take a course)
	 1.Example sentence: Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe - say a liberal retirement plan - and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . 
	 2.Example sentence: Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . 
	 3.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Go through his pockets , will you ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('time.n.01.time')
Frequency of Synset('time.n.01'): 195  (an instance or single occasion for some event)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Unions stress fringe benefits , but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time . 
	 4.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 

Frequency of Synset('time.n.02'): 151  (a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something)
	 1.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times , and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer . 
	 3.Example sentence: For a time the President received hundreds of them every day , most of them worthless . 
	 4.Example sentence: This agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals . 

Frequency of Synset('time.n.03'): 76  (an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities))
	 1.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whereas the eighteenth century had been a time in which man sought justice , the nineteenth and twentieth have been centuries in which men are satisfied with law . 
	 3.Example sentence: After the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king degenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous . 
	 4.Example sentence: Han 's student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('certain.a.02.certain')
Frequency of Synset('certain.s.01'): 119  (definite but not specified or identified)
	 1.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . 
	 3.Example sentence: With troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground , it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the same vein , a certain short-story plot has been overworked . 

Frequency of Synset('certain.a.02'): 57  (having or feeling no doubt or uncertainty; confident and assured)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Of only one could he be sure - young John Hudson , his second son . 
	 3.Example sentence: There had been a good second or two during which my muffler had been blowing out , and now I was certain I 'd seen her somewhere before . 
	 4.Example sentence: But I 'm sure the other one was Lou '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('watch.v.02.watch')
Frequency of Synset('watch.v.01'): 74  (look attentively)
	 1.Example sentence: Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope waning by the moment . 
	 2.Example sentence: And Carla , watching in wonder , turned to Sam . 
	 3.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he did n't like to disclose his ignorance . 

Frequency of Synset('watch.v.02'): 56  (follow with the eyes or the mind)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . 
	 3.Example sentence: Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope waning by the moment . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You do n't have to watch what you say . 

Frequency of Synset('watch.v.03'): 57  (see or watch)
	 1.Example sentence: In fact , I was watching you on that little seventeen inch screen when you rang my bell . 
	 2.Example sentence: The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and did n't want - heaven knew did n't want ! 
	 3.Example sentence: During much of the fifteen mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east . 
	 4.Example sentence: I saw `` Fiorello ! '' performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good , and perhaps better . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('day.n.01.day')
Frequency of Synset('day.n.01'): 163  (time for Earth to make a complete rotation on its axis)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 3.Example sentence: I lived in this onward driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: From Go ^ ttingen ( 1801 ) where he stayed for 10 days , he wrote , `` The first question asked everywhere is about galvanism . 

Frequency of Synset('day.n.02'): 67  (some point or period in time)
	 1.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: Han 's student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent . 
	 3.Example sentence: She had some amusing scandal about the Farneses in the old days . 
	 4.Example sentence: All the ideologies changing from day to day , right under his eyes , so how could a man look to any one of them for an enlargement of his freedom ? 

Frequency of Synset('day.n.03'): 54  (a day assigned to a particular purpose or observance)
	 1.Example sentence: Just as thousands that day in Portugal had seen the sun dancing in the sky , he had seen the same thing later in his own garden , and she turned to Agnese for confirmation . 
	 2.Example sentence: On that first day , Blanche literally thought she was going to die , or , at the very least , go out of her mind . 
	 3.Example sentence: Or someone had taken it during her first day at Honotassa . 
	 4.Example sentence: a lighted lamp stood on the table that dusky , drizzling day . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('number.n.01.number')
Frequency of Synset('number.n.01'): 129  (the property possessed by a sum or total or indefinite quantity of units or individuals)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Can vacations be spaced throughout the 12 months to minimize the number of employee fill-ins ? 

Frequency of Synset('number.n.02'): 63  (a concept of quantity involving zero and units)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 
	 3.Example sentence: It will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors , h and e have six , and p has only one , while the remaining points have intermediate numbers . 
	 4.Example sentence: The commands are specified by the military regulations ; are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('so.r.02.so')
Frequency of Synset('so.r.01'): 306  (to a very great extent or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden regretted not being able to find fault with so true a statement . 
	 2.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 3.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 4.Example sentence: Historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations . 

Frequency of Synset('so.r.02'): 75  (in a manner that facilitates)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . 
	 3.Example sentence: And so deadheads on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You might as well wait here while I 'm gone , so you can use my shower if you 'd like '' . 

Frequency of Synset('so.r.03'): 65  (in such a condition or manner, especially as expressed or implied)
	 1.Example sentence: On the second voyage , he had turned back at the frozen island of Novaya Zemlya and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will - which was obviously not the case . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not so , he answers , it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal . 
	 3.Example sentence: Gustaf Vasa is a superb example , and Charles 10 , , the conqueror of Denmark , hardly less so . 
	 4.Example sentence: Alas , so it almost proved for us , too . 

Frequency of Synset('then.r.01'): 297  (subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors))
	 1.Example sentence: He scooped up the receiver and said , `` Police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` Oh yes , Mr. Benson . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the first three weeks , the ship skirted up the east coast of Great Britain , then turned westward . 
	 4.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 

Frequency of Synset('therefore.r.01'): 200  ((used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that fact or reason or as a result)
	 1.Example sentence: The blue-collar worker thus knows his insurance package , for example , costs $ 227.72 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus the Congress marks a formal recognition of the political system that was central to world politics for a century . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 

Frequency of Synset('indeed.r.01'): 62  (in truth (often tends to intensify))
	 1.Example sentence: Indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . 
	 2.Example sentence: Indeed , contract was the dominant legal theme of the century , the touchstone of the free society . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did Byron 's Childe Harold . 
	 4.Example sentence: Indeed , no richer humor is to be found in the whole of American literature than in the letters of the semi-literate men who wore the blue and the gray . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('operate.v.01.operate')
Frequency of Synset('operate.v.01'): 53  (direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . 
	 3.Example sentence: establish and operate necessary facilities and test sites at which to carry on the continuous research , testing , development , and programming necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Act ; 
	 4.Example sentence: The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved . 

Frequency of Synset('function.v.01'): 69  (perform as expected when applied)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 
	 3.Example sentence: Where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention . 
	 4.Example sentence: They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('entirely.r.02.only')
Frequency of Synset('merely.r.01'): 443  (and nothing more)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . 
	 3.Example sentence: Above all , do n't set up extravagant fringe benefits just to buy employee good will . 
	 4.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 

Frequency of Synset('entirely.r.02'): 258  (without any others being included or involved)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . 
	 4.Example sentence: Of only one could he be sure - young John Hudson , his second son . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('work.v.02.work')
Frequency of Synset('work.v.01'): 70  (exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity)
	 1.Example sentence: Make sure you do n't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working . 
	 2.Example sentence: Require each employee to work his last shift both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay . 
	 3.Example sentence: By no means would we discourage the production of ideas : they provide raw materials with which to work ; they provide stimulations that lead to further production . 
	 4.Example sentence: She did n't mind working hard , not as if she figured to do anything wrong to live easy and soft - all she wanted was a chance , where she was n't marked as what she was . 

Frequency of Synset('work.v.02'): 62  (be employed)
	 1.Example sentence: Are there possibilities of having cafeteria help work part-time on custodial or other jobs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained first-aid man who works full-time on some other assignment ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation . 
	 4.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 

Frequency of Synset('function.v.01'): 69  (perform as expected when applied)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 
	 3.Example sentence: Where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention . 
	 4.Example sentence: They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('job.n.02.job')
Frequency of Synset('occupation.n.01'): 97  (the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money)
	 1.Example sentence: Would early retirement of non-productive , disabled employees reduce the number of make-work jobs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Younger men usually do n't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they 're liable to change jobs several times before settling down . 

Frequency of Synset('problem.n.01'): 145  (a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Not your problem , of course , unless Johnston and the murderer are one and the same '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 
	 3.Example sentence: Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . 
	 4.Example sentence: Not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as undersea warfare , where the surveillance , sending , transmitting , and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the bottlenecks . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('yard.n.02.grounds')
Frequency of Synset('evidence.n.01'): 60  (your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 
	 3.Example sentence: Hence , the only defensible procedure is to repress any and every notion , unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was no evidence that anything was different than it had been . 

Frequency of Synset('land.n.04'): 58  (the solid part of the earth's surface)
	 1.Example sentence: North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week . 
	 2.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; it did not even provide the architect 's plan for anything new . 

Frequency of Synset('reason.n.01'): 85  (a rational motive for a belief or action)
	 1.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations . 
	 3.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hidden behind Hegelian abstractions were more practical reasons for a changing jurisprudence . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('film.v.01.take')
Frequency of Synset('take.v.01'): 86  (carry out)
	 1.Example sentence: I could tell you of plenty narrow escapes , but we take no notice of them now '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The Pathet Lao forces held two northern provinces and openly took the offensive in three more . 
	 3.Example sentence: We had nearly decided that all the tales of Lao lethargy must be true , when we were invited to take a trip with the Prime Minister . 
	 4.Example sentence: She would n't be taking a cold shower . 

Frequency of Synset('take.v.02'): 72  (require (time or space))
	 1.Example sentence: Do you insist that unneeded salary employees take their vacations during plant shutdowns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Bryn Mawr Drive is only two or three miles from the Spartan , and it took me less than five minutes to get there . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would take time ; it would , almost inevitably , trouble some water . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I take a little time to think it over '' . 

Frequency of Synset('lead.v.01'): 121  (take somebody somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable by-product of murder , led to Garth 's door . 
	 3.Example sentence: He took Madden into the room he used as an office . 
	 4.Example sentence: I guided her to the divan , turned off the TV , faced her . 

Frequency of Synset('assume.v.03'): 52  (take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 
	 2.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 

Frequency of Synset('bring.v.01'): 152  (take something or somebody with oneself somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: He spoke of the season of dryness and dust , brought by the monsoon from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the monsoon from the southwest . 
	 2.Example sentence: He spoke of the season of dryness and dust , brought by the monsoon from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the monsoon from the southwest . 
	 3.Example sentence: That , however , may also bring the police , if the thinking does not meet with social approval . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 

Frequency of Synset('choose.v.01'): 104  (pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives)
	 1.Example sentence: Choose carefully between contributory or non contributory pension plans . 
	 2.Example sentence: Accident , murder , suicide - take your pick '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Take one side of the street , and I 'll take the other '' , he proposed . 

Frequency of Synset('accept.v.02'): 62  (receive willingly something given or offered)
	 1.Example sentence: He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . 
	 2.Example sentence: He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . 
	 3.Example sentence: I wonder if the Carters would take one . 
	 4.Example sentence: Perhaps he had better have someone help him put up the pegboard and build the workbench - someone who knew what he was about . 

Frequency of Synset('consider.v.03'): 73  (take into consideration for exemplifying purposes)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in plant feeding operation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . 

Frequency of Synset('necessitate.v.01'): 320  (require as useful, just, or proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 

Frequency of Synset('remove.v.01'): 104  (remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 2.Example sentence: Will mere debate on that proposition , even though it be free and untrammeled , remove the dross and leave a residue of refined gold ? 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I guess so '' , she said taking a Kleenex from her purse . 
	 4.Example sentence: In there are n't many young people in the neighborhood the modifier young takes dominant stress away from its head people : the fact that the young creatures of interest are people seems rather obvious . 

Frequency of Synset('consume.v.02'): 56  (serve oneself to, or consume regularly)
	 1.Example sentence: He had lunch with Pauling . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then they had dinner . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Since we 're having coffee with them this afternoon '' , he said , `` I think I 'll ask the daughter if we can pay her to come in every day to clean for us '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to N. V. Peale ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( Francis Thompson 's words for the Hound of Heaven 's pursuit ) by judicial fiat . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('excessively.r.01.too')
Frequency of Synset('excessively.r.01'): 167  (to a degree exceeding normal or proper limits)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . 
	 3.Example sentence: It 's usually not too hard to sell workers on this as it gives them longer holiday periods . 
	 4.Example sentence: He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm . 

Frequency of Synset('besides.r.02'): 95  (in addition)
	 1.Example sentence: Also , beware of open end policies , especially in the medical field . 
	 2.Example sentence: Also , reserve the right to demand proof of death despite the fact that you 'll probably never use it . 
	 3.Example sentence: Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation . 
	 4.Example sentence: If Arthur Williams was involved in the fraud or the murder , then he too had another identity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('know.v.01.know')
Frequency of Synset('know.v.01'): 546  (be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about)
	 1.Example sentence: Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they 're entitled to . 
	 3.Example sentence: The blue-collar worker thus knows his insurance package , for example , costs $ 227.72 . 
	 4.Example sentence: He said that he had already told the police chief that he did n't know what insurance man had recommended Johnston to Mrs. Meeker . 

Frequency of Synset('know.v.02'): 136  (know how to do or perform something)
	 1.Example sentence: That little spark is all the wealth I know , That little spark is my life 's misery '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . 
	 3.Example sentence: So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . 
	 4.Example sentence: Angie knew too much entirely already . 

Frequency of Synset('know.v.03'): 111  (be aware of the truth of something; have a belief or faith in something; regard as true beyond any doubt)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 2.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking . 

Frequency of Synset('know.v.04'): 69  (be familiar or acquainted with a person or an object)
	 1.Example sentence: No one the Medfield police had questioned professed to know any more about him than about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 3.Example sentence: I said , `` Do we know each other , Miss '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You know who the other man was '' ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('necessitate.v.01.require')
Frequency of Synset('necessitate.v.01'): 320  (require as useful, just, or proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 

Frequency of Synset('want.v.02'): 115  (have need of)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they 're entitled to . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('old.a.01.old')
Frequency of Synset('old.a.01'): 101  ((used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age)
	 1.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Old people have their idiosyncrasies '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: He lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old , a reclaimed island of landscaped brick and glass on the fringe of the business district . 

Frequency of Synset('old.a.02'): 92  (of long duration; not new)
	 1.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 2.Example sentence: The old way of doing things , which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no longer adequate to the task . 
	 3.Example sentence: To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . 
	 4.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('now.r.01.now')
Frequency of Synset('now.r.01'): 223  (in the historical present; at this point in the narration of a series of past events)
	 1.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1602 , George Waymouth , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long sought waterway . 

Frequency of Synset('nowadays.r.01'): 201  (in these times; - Nancy Mitford)
	 1.Example sentence: As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the great strait . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson pointed the Discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called Hudson Bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific . 
	 3.Example sentence: Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . 
	 4.Example sentence: I could tell you of plenty narrow escapes , but we take no notice of them now '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('man.n.03.man')
Frequency of Synset('man.n.01'): 435  (an adult person who is male (as opposed to a woman))
	 1.Example sentence: He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm . 
	 2.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 3.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 4.Example sentence: At first glance , not much of a motive for a man of his standing ; but for all his air of affluence , who could tell what his private financial picture was ? 

Frequency of Synset('serviceman.n.01'): 52  (someone who serves in the armed forces; a member of a military force)
	 1.Example sentence: `` We '' were Bill Garrett of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; Boun My , our interpreter ; and myself . 
	 2.Example sentence: Commands go only from an officer to the man of nearest lower rank . 
	 3.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 
	 4.Example sentence: The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are : ( a ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. . 

Frequency of Synset('man.n.03'): 62  (the generic use of the word to refer to any human being)
	 1.Example sentence: Can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained first-aid man who works full-time on some other assignment ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He said that he had already told the police chief that he did n't know what insurance man had recommended Johnston to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` The man 's true reputation is his work '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('like.a.02.same')
Frequency of Synset('same.a.01'): 124  (same in identity)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1602 , George Waymouth , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . 
	 3.Example sentence: But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 

Frequency of Synset('same.a.02'): 78  (closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or quantity or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . 
	 2.Example sentence: A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 4.Example sentence: It appears to us that the same reasoning applies to the production of the hearing officer 's report and notes at the trial . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('country.n.02.country')
Frequency of Synset('state.n.04'): 122  (a politically organized body of people under a single government)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 

Frequency of Synset('area.n.01'): 149  (a particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually serving some special purpose or distinguished by its people or culture or geography))
	 1.Example sentence: Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and / or industrial patterns ? 
	 2.Example sentence: After three weeks ' swift sailing , however , the ship entered an area of shallow marshes and river deltas . 
	 3.Example sentence: They spread over an area no larger than Oregon ; yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonians . 
	 4.Example sentence: Two uniformed officers , a couple of plain-clothesmen I knew , and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('merely.r.01.just')
Frequency of Synset('merely.r.01'): 443  (and nothing more)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . 
	 3.Example sentence: Above all , do n't set up extravagant fringe benefits just to buy employee good will . 
	 4.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 

Frequency of Synset('precisely.r.01'): 140  (indicating exactness or preciseness)
	 1.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . 
	 3.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 
	 4.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 

Frequency of Synset('barely.r.01'): 67  (only a very short time before; ; ; ; ; - W.B.Yeats)
	 1.Example sentence: Gustaf Vasa is a superb example , and Charles 10 , , the conqueror of Denmark , hardly less so . 
	 2.Example sentence: But these comments are hardly printable . 
	 3.Example sentence: What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast self enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non Jewish world . 
	 4.Example sentence: Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('go.v.02.go')
Frequency of Synset('travel.v.01'): 375  (change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically)
	 1.Example sentence: He thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth . 
	 2.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 3.Example sentence: In 1800 , Manthey went abroad and Oersted was appointed manager of the Lion Pharmacy . 
	 4.Example sentence: A third remarked of slowness of Southerners : `` They moved about from corner to corner , as uneasy as a litter of hungry leaches on the neck of a wooden god '' . 

Frequency of Synset('go.v.02'): 107  (follow a procedure or take a course)
	 1.Example sentence: Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe - say a liberal retirement plan - and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . 
	 2.Example sentence: Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . 
	 3.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Go through his pockets , will you ? 

Frequency of Synset('go.v.03'): 52  (move away from a place into another direction)
	 1.Example sentence: Time to go , I supposed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pat let him go , following more leisurely . 
	 3.Example sentence: You go ' n ' have a look round for it '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 

Frequency of Synset('become.v.01'): 467  (enter or assume a certain state or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Even two or three years ago I doubt that she 'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: The theory of international law , which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in Europe and America , broke this unity and this universality . 
	 3.Example sentence: Indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . 
	 4.Example sentence: A Texan wrote to a male companion at home : `` What has become of Halda and Laura ? 

Frequency of Synset('run.v.03'): 67  (stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point)
	 1.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 2.Example sentence: There 's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
	 4.Example sentence: A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . 

Frequency of Synset('function.v.01'): 69  (perform as expected when applied)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 
	 3.Example sentence: Where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention . 
	 4.Example sentence: They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . 

Frequency of Synset('survive.v.01'): 60  (continue to live through hardship or adversity)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Where there was no road , they lived without one . 
	 3.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 

Frequency of Synset('die.v.01'): 133  (pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life)
	 1.Example sentence: `` He 's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. Meeker apparently died from suffocation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven o ' clock dinner . 
	 3.Example sentence: But he plunges into yet another , this time with Norway , and is killed in an assault on the fortress of Fredrikshall , being only thirty-six years of age when he died . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('suppose.v.01.say')
Frequency of Synset('state.v.01'): 1947  (express in words)
	 1.Example sentence: `` That damn door '' , said the police chief . 
	 2.Example sentence: He scooped up the receiver and said , `` Police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` Oh yes , Mr. Benson . 
	 3.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 4.Example sentence: At last he said , `` Well , thank you for calling , Mr. Benson . 

Frequency of Synset('allege.v.01'): 219  (report or maintain)
	 1.Example sentence: `` He 's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. Meeker apparently died from suffocation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven o ' clock dinner . 
	 3.Example sentence: In fact , some - Anzilotti is the principle example - went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . 
	 4.Example sentence: The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . 

Frequency of Synset('suppose.v.01'): 60  (express a supposition)
	 1.Example sentence: Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe - say a liberal retirement plan - and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most of them this past year , I 'd say . 
	 3.Example sentence: Time to go , I supposed . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , suppose a man wearing a $ 200 watch , driving a 1959 Rolls Royce , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` What time is it '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('order.v.01'): 83  (give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority)
	 1.Example sentence: Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so . 
	 3.Example sentence: Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so . 
	 4.Example sentence: Who told you to do it ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('find.v.13.find')
Frequency of Synset('find.v.01'): 165  (come upon, as if by accident; meet with)
	 1.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 2.Example sentence: But since 1927 , researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information . 
	 3.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self . 

Frequency of Synset('detect.v.01'): 230  (discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of)
	 1.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since , though . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.03'): 80  (come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost)
	 1.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 2.Example sentence: Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he had n't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he had n't found it . 
	 3.Example sentence: In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this changed world , Prokofieff settled to find himself , and to create for large national purpose . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.01'): 167  (establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 3.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.05'): 185  (come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds)
	 1.Example sentence: Some companies find a little imagination helpful . 
	 2.Example sentence: Arthur Williams 's might well have been included , he felt . 
	 3.Example sentence: By that , one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces . 
	 4.Example sentence: Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . 

Frequency of Synset('witness.v.02'): 167  (perceive or be contemporaneous with)
	 1.Example sentence: He finds it in utter misery and desolation . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 3.Example sentence: This we might well witness '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 

Frequency of Synset('discover.v.03'): 52  (make a discovery, make a new finding)
	 1.Example sentence: In the following year , 1803 , Oersted , simultaneously with Davy , discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts . 
	 2.Example sentence: His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . 
	 3.Example sentence: They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction . 
	 4.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.02'): 119  (receive a specified treatment (abstract))
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Humor found many modes of expression . 
	 3.Example sentence: A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('want.v.02.want')
Frequency of Synset('desire.v.01'): 394  (feel or have a desire for; want strongly)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin 's funeral . 
	 2.Example sentence: She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; particularly the scholarship fund . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: First , they wanted to clarify a tantalizing , bizarre enigma . 

Frequency of Synset('want.v.02'): 115  (have need of)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they 're entitled to . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('let.v.02.let')
Frequency of Synset('let.v.01'): 309  (make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 

Frequency of Synset('permit.v.01'): 103  (consent to, give permission)
	 1.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim - all in violation of the Fifth Amendment . 
	 3.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 4.Example sentence: No questions , statements , or explanations are permitted - only commands . 

Frequency of Synset('get.v.03'): 144  (cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Have the insurance company or your own accounting department break down the cost of your insurance package periodically . 
	 2.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure , the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses , the one who goes the farthest to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort . 
	 4.Example sentence: Really he had Mr. Skyros at bay . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('home.n.01.home')
Frequency of Synset('home.n.01'): 57  (where you live at a particular time)
	 1.Example sentence: This can be done by stories in your house organs , posters , special publications , letters to workers ' homes as well as by word of mouth through your chain of command . 
	 2.Example sentence: In one of his summers at home he married , to the great disapproval of his father , who objected because of his extreme youth . 
	 3.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a periodic review , the local board on July 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1 , - A and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home . 

Frequency of Synset('family.n.01'): 66  (a social unit living together)
	 1.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 
	 2.Example sentence: His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school . 
	 3.Example sentence: It takes place in the household , a rite of well wishing for myriad occasions - for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the New Year , for any good purpose . 
	 4.Example sentence: The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('little.a.02.little')
Frequency of Synset('small.a.01'): 296  (limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: On April 17 , 1610 , the sturdy little three masted bark , Discovery , weighed anchor in St. Katherine's Pool , London , and floated down the Thames toward the sea . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1602 , George Waymouth , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . 
	 3.Example sentence: As Hudson resumed his desperate criss-crossing of the little bay , every incident lessened the crew 's respect for him . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 

Frequency of Synset('little.a.02'): 67  ((quantifier used with mass nouns) small in quantity or degree; not much or almost none or (with `a') at least some)
	 1.Example sentence: Some companies find a little imagination helpful . 
	 2.Example sentence: Like his friend and contemporary August Strindberg he had little patience with collective mediocrity . 
	 3.Example sentence: Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19 th century America , these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling . 
	 4.Example sentence: We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('give.v.03.give')
Frequency of Synset('give.v.01'): 171  (cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense)
	 1.Example sentence: It 's usually not too hard to sell workers on this as it gives them longer holiday periods . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1609 , the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson , gave him two learned geographers , fitted him out with a ship called the Half Moon , and supplied him with Dutch sailors . 
	 3.Example sentence: When you see them again give them my love - not best respects now , but love by God '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity , before its final recommendation to the appeal board , to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching . 

Frequency of Synset('yield.v.01'): 176  (be the cause or source of)
	 1.Example sentence: Not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage . 
	 2.Example sentence: A Yankee sergeant gave the following description of his sweetheart : `` My girl is none of your one-horse girls . 
	 3.Example sentence: A Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of diarrhoea : `` I have bin a little sick with diorah two or three days . 
	 4.Example sentence: The PM might show he drowned instead , but that 's what the once-over-lightly gives us . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.03'): 91  (transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody)
	 1.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the second voyage , he had turned back at the frozen island of Novaya Zemlya and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will - which was obviously not the case . 
	 3.Example sentence: By her eighteenth birthday her bent for writing was so evident that Papa and Mamma gave her a Life of Dickens as a spur to her aspiration . 
	 4.Example sentence: She 'd be smart about it , get him to give it to her in little bills so 's nobody would suspect - maybe could n't get it until Monday account of that , the banks - But that was n't really long to wait . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.04'): 77  (convey or reveal information)
	 1.Example sentence: He gives us an account of this in his lively and humorous poem , `` The Happy Artists '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Frequently we are given assurance that automatically all ideas will be sifted and resifted and in the end only the good ones will survive . 
	 3.Example sentence: He swung toward the front to give the news to Hettie , then stopped , barred from her by the vehemence of her blame and hate . 
	 4.Example sentence: They , perhaps , gave the pitch of their position in the preface where it was said that Eisenhower requested that the Commission be administered by the American Assembly of Columbia University , because it was non-partisan . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.05'): 52  (convey, as of a compliment, regards, attention, etc.; bestow)
	 1.Example sentence: When you see them again give them my love - not best respects now , but love by God '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the villages people lined up to give us flowers . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Prime Minister paid his respects to the Buddhist monks , strode rapidly among the houses , joked with the local soldiery , and made a speech . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.03'): 119  (organize or be responsible for)
	 1.Example sentence: The trial was held September 10 . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have 2500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 4.Example sentence: The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West . 

Frequency of Synset('pass.v.05'): 52  (place into the hands or custody of)
	 1.Example sentence: U. S. Rubber Company , New York , passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits . 
	 2.Example sentence: But there is nothing in the Act requiring the hearing officer 's report to be likewise turned over to the registrant . 
	 3.Example sentence: Handing the money over , Russ wiped his hands on his pants-legs as if ridding himself of something unclean . 
	 4.Example sentence: He replenished the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck . 

Frequency of Synset('give.v.18'): 51  (give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause)
	 1.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: While Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine , physics , and astronomy , his brother studied law . 
	 3.Example sentence: The following year he devoted to the customary `` Wanderjahr '' , traveling in Germany , France , and the Netherlands , meeting the philosophers Schelling , Fichte , and Tieck . 
	 4.Example sentence: Eager as he was to pursue this promising line , he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and pharmaceutical faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to `` galvanizing '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('show.v.01.show')
Frequency of Synset('show.v.01'): 203  (give an exhibition of to an interested audience)
	 1.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 2.Example sentence: She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: She held out her hand to show that she had money . 
	 4.Example sentence: As we stepped out into the sunlight , a man came up to John Cool and silently showed him his hand . 

Frequency of Synset('prove.v.02'): 146  (establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment)
	 1.Example sentence: A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . 
	 2.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature , as proven by Bruckmann and Coulomb . 
	 4.Example sentence: The PM might show he drowned instead , but that 's what the once-over-lightly gives us . 

Frequency of Synset('testify.v.02'): 65  (provide evidence for)
	 1.Example sentence: Juet demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial . 
	 2.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Reading the Old Testament would have shown the dramatist that the ideas attributed to Shylock were abhorrent to the Jews . 
	 4.Example sentence: Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle . 

Frequency of Synset('express.v.01'): 73  (give expression to)
	 1.Example sentence: They give strict interpretation to William James ' statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the same time , there is a good deal of self congratulation at attending a good college - they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues - and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . 
	 3.Example sentence: She showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home , and it hurt him a little . 
	 4.Example sentence: The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain . 

Frequency of Synset('indicate.v.02'): 103  (indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Bo ^ o ^ k indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . 
	 3.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('form.n.08.form')
Frequency of Synset('form.n.01'): 96  (the phonological or orthographic sound or appearance of a word that can be used to describe or identify something)
	 1.Example sentence: I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication , in which , in listing ' Two Stem Meanings ' , I set off by asterisks those forms in which n of stem B was * * f of stem A 3 , the unasterisked ones standing for * * f ; or under ' Four Stems ' , I set off by asterisks cases where the combined n of stems * * f was * * f . 
	 2.Example sentence: If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ? 
	 3.Example sentence: The practical operational problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison . 
	 4.Example sentence: I would propose , next , as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists , items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible . 

Frequency of Synset('kind.n.01'): 121  (a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality)
	 1.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 
	 2.Example sentence: He was not the sort of sailor Hudson wanted his backers to see on board and he had Greene wait at Gravesend , where the Discovery picked him up . 
	 3.Example sentence: A state , the highest form of human organization in fact and theory , could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of self-will , or consent . 
	 4.Example sentence: Related to , but distinguishable from , nationalism was the growth of democracy in one form or another . 

Frequency of Synset('form.n.03'): 67  (a perceptual structure)
	 1.Example sentence: This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book , `` A Hero 's Funeral '' , written in the form of an impassioned prose poem . 
	 2.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 3.Example sentence: The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form . 

Frequency of Synset('shape.n.01'): 52  (any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline))
	 1.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 2.Example sentence: He narrowed the shape down to two : either a Zero or a U. S. Navy type aircraft . 
	 3.Example sentence: The shapes were unmistakable and the Rising Suns were showing up , slightly brighter pinpoints in the gray gloom . 
	 4.Example sentence: What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration , integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form ; color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; and that over all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . 

Frequency of Synset('human_body.n.01'): 57  (alternative names for the body of a human being)
	 1.Example sentence: The Rebs were , to a Massachusetts corporal , `` fighting madmen or not men at all but whiskey + gunpowder put into a human frame '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would have been unwise policy , for instance , to apply the pound of flesh characterization to the thrifty Scotchman . 
	 4.Example sentence: Yes , well , it 's a pity to spoil your girlish figure - which all those kittens would do anyway - but I think when you 've raised these we 'll just have the vet fix it so there won n't be any more . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('determine.v.08.see')
Frequency of Synset('see.v.01'): 486  (perceive by sight or have the power to perceive by sight)
	 1.Example sentence: He asked to see a copy of Mrs. Meeker 's will . 
	 2.Example sentence: He was not the sort of sailor Hudson wanted his backers to see on board and he had Greene wait at Gravesend , where the Discovery picked him up . 
	 3.Example sentence: On August 3 , two massive headlands reared out of the mists - great gateways never before , so far as Hudson knew , seen by Europeans . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 

Frequency of Synset('understand.v.02'): 197  (perceive (an idea or situation) mentally)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd have consulted us , you see . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 

Frequency of Synset('witness.v.02'): 167  (perceive or be contemporaneous with)
	 1.Example sentence: He finds it in utter misery and desolation . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 3.Example sentence: This we might well witness '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 

Frequency of Synset('visualize.v.01'): 59  (imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind)
	 1.Example sentence: He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part . 
	 2.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 3.Example sentence: Based on our experience with clients , we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups - the market place itself , marketing methods , and marketing management . 
	 4.Example sentence: They 've worried , they 've lain awake nights , they 've shook at the slightest footstep , they 've pictured their own destruction , and now it 's all over and they can give up . 

Frequency of Synset('see.v.05'): 191  (deem to be)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A gift horse to be viewed with suspicion '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 4.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.02'): 162  (get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort . 
	 3.Example sentence: But I 'm pleased to hear - '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` How 'd you hear about this one '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('watch.v.03'): 57  (see or watch)
	 1.Example sentence: In fact , I was watching you on that little seventeen inch screen when you rang my bell . 
	 2.Example sentence: The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and did n't want - heaven knew did n't want ! 
	 3.Example sentence: During much of the fifteen mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east . 
	 4.Example sentence: I saw `` Fiorello ! '' performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good , and perhaps better . 

Frequency of Synset('meet.v.01'): 83  (come together)
	 1.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` We '' were Bill Garrett of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; Boun My , our interpreter ; and myself . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I could n't remember where we had met . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had put on the gray jacket and the dark gray slacks and the fawn colored shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('put.v.01.put')
Frequency of Synset('put.v.01'): 310  (put into a certain place or abstract location)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: Put a dollar and cents limit on benefits . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 4.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 

Frequency of Synset('put.v.02'): 95  (cause to be in a certain state; cause to be in a certain relation)
	 1.Example sentence: It can put an end to marginal claims which play havoc with your insurance rates . 
	 2.Example sentence: When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth , England , in the fall of 1609 , word of Hudson 's findings leaked out , and English interest in him revived . 
	 3.Example sentence: It will readily be seen that in this suggested network ( not materially different from some of the networks in vogue today ) greater emphasis on monitoring is implied than is usually put into practice . 
	 4.Example sentence: We need many more studies of this sort if the design of written languages is to be put on a sound basis . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('entail.v.01.mean')
Frequency of Synset('mean.v.01'): 95  (mean or intend to express or convey)
	 1.Example sentence: I mean , surely we 've - '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I mean : Is advertising honest ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Did , I mean '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: I mean , we all figured - I guess anybody 'd figure - Angie '' - 

Frequency of Synset('entail.v.01'): 95  (have as a logical consequence)
	 1.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 
	 2.Example sentence: The din was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around . 
	 3.Example sentence: A crucial question , therefore , is what evangelism and mission actually mean in metropolitan Protestantism . 
	 4.Example sentence: This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . 

Frequency of Synset('intend.v.01'): 57  (have in mind as a purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I do n't mean to pry , but do they hide the swimsuit with the bubbles ? 
	 3.Example sentence: I showed her the shower and tub , and she said , smiling , `` If you really do n't mind , I think I 'll get clean in the shower , then soak for a few minutes in your tub . 
	 4.Example sentence: I intend to include under the term all the practical courses open to boys and girls . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('life.n.03.life')
Frequency of Synset('life.n.01'): 65  (a characteristic state or mode of living)
	 1.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 2.Example sentence: The young poet painter reproduces the French life of the streets ; he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights , and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus . 
	 3.Example sentence: One need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself . 
	 4.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` folksy spirit '' of Protestant religious life ; in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish . 

Frequency of Synset('life.n.02'): 58  (the experience of being alive; the course of human events and activities)
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 3.Example sentence: True , ideas are important , perhaps life 's most precious treasures . 
	 4.Example sentence: Bertha , blue-eyed like Mamma , was from the start her mother 's daughter , destined for her mother 's role in life . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('bring.v.04.get')
Frequency of Synset('get.v.01'): 254  (come into the possession of something concrete or abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: They get all the glory and most of the pay and do n't earn ten cents apiece on the average , the drunken rascals '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: and getting them seemed a life 's work . 
	 4.Example sentence: What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor 's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes - and handbag containing her identification . 

Frequency of Synset('become.v.01'): 467  (enter or assume a certain state or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Even two or three years ago I doubt that she 'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: The theory of international law , which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in Europe and America , broke this unity and this universality . 
	 3.Example sentence: Indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . 
	 4.Example sentence: A Texan wrote to a male companion at home : `` What has become of Halda and Laura ? 

Frequency of Synset('get.v.03'): 144  (cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Have the insurance company or your own accounting department break down the cost of your insurance package periodically . 
	 2.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure , the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses , the one who goes the farthest to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort . 
	 4.Example sentence: Really he had Mr. Skyros at bay . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.02'): 119  (receive a specified treatment (abstract))
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Humor found many modes of expression . 
	 3.Example sentence: A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 

Frequency of Synset('arrive.v.01'): 302  (reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress)
	 1.Example sentence: We got to one house where there were five secessionist they brok + run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them . 
	 2.Example sentence: The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office . 

Frequency of Synset('bring.v.04'): 64  (go or come after and bring or take back)
	 1.Example sentence: If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth brought one out . 
	 3.Example sentence: She went downstairs and received another curious shock , for when Glendora flapped into the dining room in her homemade moccasins , Sarah asked her when she had brought coffee to her room and Glendora said she had n't . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Well , then who brought it '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('experience.v.03'): 249  (go through (mental or physical states or experiences))
	 1.Example sentence: Even Hudson , experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was , must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames . 
	 2.Example sentence: Professor Fredrik Bo ^ o ^ k , Sweden 's foremost critic of the period , acclaims it as follows : `` In this we have the verse of a painter ; strongly colorful , plastic , racy , vivid . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 4.Example sentence: Boun My - the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky - was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . 

Frequency of Synset('induce.v.02'): 122  (cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner)
	 1.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 
	 2.Example sentence: He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 4.Example sentence: As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared . 

Frequency of Synset('make.v.02'): 423  (give certain properties to something)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 4.Example sentence: Make sure you do n't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working . 

Frequency of Synset('get_down.v.07'): 436  (take the first step or steps in carrying out an action)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth 's glance began to flicker to his watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 4.Example sentence: The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('supply.v.01.supply')
Frequency of Synset('supply.v.01'): 351  (give something useful or necessary to)
	 1.Example sentence: If you provide inter plant transportation , can this be replaced by available public transportation ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 3.Example sentence: You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1609 , the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson , gave him two learned geographers , fitted him out with a ship called the Half Moon , and supplied him with Dutch sailors . 

Frequency of Synset('add.v.02'): 64  (state or say further)
	 1.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: Others added that Juet had wanted to turn the ship homeward . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pamela North said , `` Hi '' , to her cats , and added that proper cats met their humans at the door . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You seem to have read so much , you have a natural gift for words '' , he added , trying to flatter her vanity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('keep.v.01.keep')
Frequency of Synset('keep.v.01'): 297  (keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,)
	 1.Example sentence: Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . 
	 2.Example sentence: Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 

Frequency of Synset('continue.v.01'): 180  (continue a certain state, condition, or activity)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 3.Example sentence: He went on to personal bequests , a list of names largely unknown to him . 
	 4.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 

Frequency of Synset('prevent.v.02'): 58  (stop (someone or something) from doing something or being in a certain state)
	 1.Example sentence: I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . 
	 2.Example sentence: Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit . 
	 3.Example sentence: But that did not prevent him from writing more long letters , or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable , lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street . 
	 4.Example sentence: Gun set the captain 's fifth of Hiram Walker inside the safe before he reported to Lt. Killpath , though he knew that Killpath 's ulcer prevented him from making any untoward incursion on Herman Wolff 's gift . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('leave.v.08.leave')
Frequency of Synset('leave.v.01'): 141  (go away from a place)
	 1.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 2.Example sentence: The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oersted joined Ritter at Jena and stayed with him for 3 weeks , continuing their correspondence after he left . 
	 4.Example sentence: A restaurant posted a reminder to patrons `` who became excited and left without paying their checks '' . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.02'): 55  (go and leave behind, either intentionally or by neglect or forgetfulness)
	 1.Example sentence: She 'd be through here , just no time at all - leave this kind of thing ' way behind . 
	 2.Example sentence: No need leave a note with it , either - or maybe just something like , Do n't worry about me , I 'm going away to make a better life . 
	 3.Example sentence: He left a note propped on the desk asking her to call him sometime today , and drove home . 
	 4.Example sentence: Leaving Jess 's where it lay , he left the stall . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.07'): 88  (have as a result or residue)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 4.Example sentence: We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner 's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('eye.n.02.eye')
Frequency of Synset('eye.n.01'): 183  (the organ of sight)
	 1.Example sentence: She sat quietly , staring at me from the wide eyes . 
	 2.Example sentence: And what eyes they were . 
	 3.Example sentence: Eyes like hot honey , eyes that sizzled . 
	 4.Example sentence: Eyes like hot honey , eyes that sizzled . 

Frequency of Synset('center.n.01'): 66  (an area that is approximately central within some larger region)
	 1.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 2.Example sentence: This is particularly true in large centers of Jewish population like New York , Chicago , and Philadelphia . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World - the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated - the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America - the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso - the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art - the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . 
	 4.Example sentence: The circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('reduce.v.01.cut')
Frequency of Synset('cut.v.01'): 57  (separate with or as if with an instrument)
	 1.Example sentence: It is a weakness of Gabriel 's analysis that he never seems to realize that his so-called fundamental law had already been cut loose from its foundations when it was adapted to democracy . 
	 2.Example sentence: These blocks are sold in various sizes so it seldom is necessary to cut a block to fit . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Doppler effect , using ultrasonic signals , can be employed to measure the flow of blood without cutting into the blood vessel . 
	 4.Example sentence: He told Argiento to take a bird out of the cage , cut a large vein under its wing , let the blood gush into Michelangelo 's injured eye . 

Frequency of Synset('reduce.v.01'): 122  (cut down on; make a reduction in)
	 1.Example sentence: Can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Would it be feasible to limit the menu in order to reduce feeding costs ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Would early retirement of non-productive , disabled employees reduce the number of make-work jobs ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('operate.v.01.run')
Frequency of Synset('run.v.01'): 67  (move fast by using one's feet, with one foot off the ground at any given time)
	 1.Example sentence: We got to one house where there were five secessionist they brok + run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them . 
	 2.Example sentence: Jackson runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader . 
	 3.Example sentence: I swam like mad , got out of the pool , grabbed my robe , and ran to the car . 
	 4.Example sentence: The man shoved him into the water , then ran past the cabana . 

Frequency of Synset('run.v.03'): 67  (stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point)
	 1.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 2.Example sentence: There 's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
	 4.Example sentence: A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . 

Frequency of Synset('operate.v.01'): 53  (direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . 
	 3.Example sentence: establish and operate necessary facilities and test sites at which to carry on the continuous research , testing , development , and programming necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Act ; 
	 4.Example sentence: The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved . 

Frequency of Synset('function.v.01'): 69  (perform as expected when applied)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 
	 3.Example sentence: Where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention . 
	 4.Example sentence: They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . 

Frequency of Synset('tend.v.01'): 69  (have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined)
	 1.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 
	 2.Example sentence: ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes ; ( 2 ) central cities tend to be more heterogeneous in social composition . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes ; ( 2 ) central cities tend to be more heterogeneous in social composition . 
	 4.Example sentence: They give strict interpretation to William James ' statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('minute.n.01.minute')
Frequency of Synset('minute.n.01'): 78  (a unit of time equal to 60 seconds or 1/60th of an hour)
	 1.Example sentence: You may save valuable production minutes with a change . 
	 2.Example sentence: I showed her the shower and tub , and she said , smiling , `` If you really do n't mind , I think I 'll get clean in the shower , then soak for a few minutes in your tub . 
	 3.Example sentence: Bryn Mawr Drive is only two or three miles from the Spartan , and it took me less than five minutes to get there . 
	 4.Example sentence: A call to the police had been placed from here a couple of minutes after nine p. m. , and the first police car had arrived two or three minutes after that - 10 minutes ago now . 

Frequency of Synset('moment.n.01'): 78  (a particular point in time)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 2.Example sentence: We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world 's giants . 
	 3.Example sentence: If he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested , he had his answer a moment later . 
	 4.Example sentence: The long minute before he reached effective cover seemed endless . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('see.v.05.view')
Frequency of Synset('see.v.05'): 191  (deem to be)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A gift horse to be viewed with suspicion '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 4.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 

Frequency of Synset('watch.v.03'): 57  (see or watch)
	 1.Example sentence: In fact , I was watching you on that little seventeen inch screen when you rang my bell . 
	 2.Example sentence: The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and did n't want - heaven knew did n't want ! 
	 3.Example sentence: During much of the fifteen mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east . 
	 4.Example sentence: I saw `` Fiorello ! '' performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good , and perhaps better . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('better.a.01.better')
Frequency of Synset('better.a.01'): 68  ((comparative of `good') superior to another (of the same class or set or kind) in excellence or quality or desirability or suitability; more highly skilled than another)
	 1.Example sentence: Much better to break a cellar window '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: Research , on the other hand , has shown many stepmothers to be eminently successful , some far better than the real mothers . 
	 3.Example sentence: The most important aims of the Jewish students were as follows : to make the world a better place to live in - 30 per cent ; to get happiness for yourself - 28 per cent ; and financial independence - 21 per cent . 
	 4.Example sentence: The Jewish working girl almost invariably works in an office - in contradistinction to gentile factory workers - and , buttressed by a respectable income , she is likely to dress better and live more expansively than the college student . 

Frequency of Synset('good.a.01'): 165  (having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified)
	 1.Example sentence: Philip Staffe , the ship 's carpenter , was a good worker , but perversely independent . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1610 , Hudson was probably in his early forties , a good navigator , a stubborn voyager , but otherwise fatally unsuited to his chosen profession . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Better stay in the hotel lobby , where the walls looked good and thick . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('house.n.01.house')
Frequency of Synset('house.n.01'): 147  (a dwelling that serves as living quarters for one or more families)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second reported that the dilapidated houses in Virginia `` look like the latter end of original sin and hard times '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: We got to one house where there were five secessionist they brok + run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them . 
	 4.Example sentence: Along the main thoroughfares hardly a house had not been peppered . 

Frequency of Synset('family.n.01'): 66  (a social unit living together)
	 1.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 
	 2.Example sentence: His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school . 
	 3.Example sentence: It takes place in the household , a rite of well wishing for myriad occasions - for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the New Year , for any good purpose . 
	 4.Example sentence: The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('detect.v.01.notice')
Frequency of Synset('detect.v.01'): 230  (discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of)
	 1.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since , though . 

Frequency of Synset('notice.v.02'): 54  (notice or perceive)
	 1.Example sentence: Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way ? 
	 3.Example sentence: None noted at the Dumont . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('then.r.01.then')
Frequency of Synset('then.r.01'): 297  (subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors))
	 1.Example sentence: He scooped up the receiver and said , `` Police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` Oh yes , Mr. Benson . 
	 2.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the first three weeks , the ship skirted up the east coast of Great Britain , then turned westward . 
	 4.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 

Frequency of Synset('then.r.02'): 104  (in that case or as a consequence)
	 1.Example sentence: If Arthur Williams was involved in the fraud or the murder , then he too had another identity . 
	 2.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 
	 3.Example sentence: If economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: If we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact . 

Frequency of Synset('then.r.03'): 81  (at that time)
	 1.Example sentence: Then more than ever before did they show their fortitude and patient cheerfulness . 
	 2.Example sentence: He also met Count Rumford ( born Benjamin Thompson in Woburn, Mass . ) who was then serving the Elector of Bavaria , and the physicist Ritter ; these were Oersted 's main contacts in science . 
	 3.Example sentence: Then he was sick . 
	 4.Example sentence: Maybe Lou was only unconscious , but right then I thought he must be dead . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hear.v.04.hear')
Frequency of Synset('hear.v.01'): 226  (perceive (sound) via the auditory sense)
	 1.Example sentence: Amid the crackle of small arms and automatic weapons , I heard the thumping of mortars . 
	 2.Example sentence: As I went out , I could hear water pouring in the shower . 
	 3.Example sentence: He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated , although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient specialists of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss , for example , in precision machinery and mathematics , or the Finns in geochemistry . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.02'): 162  (get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort . 
	 3.Example sentence: But I 'm pleased to hear - '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` How 'd you hear about this one '' ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('get_down.v.07.begin')
Frequency of Synset('get_down.v.07'): 436  (take the first step or steps in carrying out an action)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth 's glance began to flicker to his watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 4.Example sentence: The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman . 

Frequency of Synset('begin.v.02'): 71  (have a beginning, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense)
	 1.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Begin to look like him now , would you say ? 
	 3.Example sentence: When Siamese cats are intertwined it is difficult to tell where one leaves off and another begins . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I do n't know , Mr. Brenner '' , he said haltingly , beginning to get an inkling of Brenner 's plans . 

Frequency of Synset('begin.v.03'): 76  (set in motion, cause to start)
	 1.Example sentence: The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university . 
	 2.Example sentence: To secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 
	 4.Example sentence: And they sat down and began their little coffee party . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('call.v.03.call')
Frequency of Synset('name.v.01'): 121  (assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to)
	 1.Example sentence: He named this opening , between Baffin Island and Labrador , the `` Furious Overfall '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: ( Later , it was to be called Hudson Strait . ) 
	 3.Example sentence: Poor winds and fog locked her up in a harbor the crew called `` Lousie Bay '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hudson named the capes Digges and Wolstenholme , for two of his backers . 

Frequency of Synset('shout.v.02'): 83  (utter a sudden loud cry)
	 1.Example sentence: I cried . 
	 2.Example sentence: Like the cowboy in Stephen Crane 's `` Blue Hotel '' , we run around crying , `` Well , I did n't do anything , did I '' ? 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Oh , that 's wonderful '' , cried Mrs. Crombie . 
	 4.Example sentence: Somewhere in the distance , a woman screamed . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('manage.v.02.handle')
Frequency of Synset('manage.v.02'): 51  (be in charge of, act on, or dispose of)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: Present at the scene - in addition to the dead man , who was indeed Louis Thor - had been Thor 's partner Bill Blake , and Antony Rose , an advertising agency executive who handled the ZING account . 
	 4.Example sentence: If , as I suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems . 

Frequency of Synset('cover.v.05'): 63  (act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression)
	 1.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 2.Example sentence: For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the steprelationship . 
	 3.Example sentence: One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : 
	 4.Example sentence: Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('look.v.01.look')
Frequency of Synset('look.v.01'): 217  (perceive with attention; direct one's gaze towards)
	 1.Example sentence: Pauling looked at his notes . 
	 2.Example sentence: I looked at my watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' - He stopped and looked at Thor 's body . 
	 4.Example sentence: Looking the setup over , Stevens started coolly for the rear of the place . 

Frequency of Synset('look.v.02'): 736  (give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . 
	 4.Example sentence: This was the bitter end , and Hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('argue.v.03.indicate')
Frequency of Synset('bespeak.v.01'): 73  (be a signal for or a symptom of)
	 1.Example sentence: The secretary 's tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a concession for which Madden should be duly grateful . 
	 2.Example sentence: He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . 
	 3.Example sentence: She could not resist the opportunity `` of showing her superiority in argument over a man '' which she had remarked as one of the `` feminine follies '' of Sara Sullam ; and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception - he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College - until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive . 

Frequency of Synset('indicate.v.02'): 103  (indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Bo ^ o ^ k indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . 
	 3.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('direction.n.01.way')
Frequency of Synset('manner.n.01'): 231  (how something is done or how it happens)
	 1.Example sentence: This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . 
	 2.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 3.Example sentence: For all her domineering ways , I can n't conceive of her having had a deadly enemy '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves . 

Frequency of Synset('means.n.01'): 105  (how a result is obtained or an end is achieved)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . 
	 3.Example sentence: Such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer . 
	 4.Example sentence: In March , 1961 , representatives of the national laboratories of Australia , Canada , The Netherlands , United Kingdom , U. S. S. R. , United States , and West Germany , met at the NBS to devise means for reaching international agreement on a temperature scale between 10 and 90 * * f . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('indicate.v.02.point')
Frequency of Synset('indicate.v.02'): 103  (indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively)
	 1.Example sentence: He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
	 2.Example sentence: The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Bo ^ o ^ k indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . 
	 3.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 4.Example sentence: I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . 

Frequency of Synset('bespeak.v.01'): 73  (be a signal for or a symptom of)
	 1.Example sentence: The secretary 's tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a concession for which Madden should be duly grateful . 
	 2.Example sentence: He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . 
	 3.Example sentence: She could not resist the opportunity `` of showing her superiority in argument over a man '' which she had remarked as one of the `` feminine follies '' of Sara Sullam ; and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception - he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College - until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything . 
	 4.Example sentence: There was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('come.v.04.come')
Frequency of Synset('come.v.01'): 202  (move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach something or somebody)
	 1.Example sentence: The great , crushing ice masses coming into view made him sound like the voice of pure reason . 
	 2.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now a distinguished old man called on nine divinities to come and join us . 
	 4.Example sentence: Leaving the card room , they moved back through the Palace the way they had come . 

Frequency of Synset('arrive.v.01'): 302  (reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress)
	 1.Example sentence: We got to one house where there were five secessionist they brok + run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them . 
	 2.Example sentence: The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office . 

Frequency of Synset('come.v.03'): 130  (come to pass; arrive, as in due course)
	 1.Example sentence: He skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park , Medfield Hospital , the civic center , the Public Health Nursing Association , the library , and so on , pausing when he came to the scholarship fund . 
	 2.Example sentence: Before the airplanes came , he said , travel in Laos was just about impossible . 
	 3.Example sentence: Two minutes later it came again - a double explosion , followed by a third , sounding more distant . 
	 4.Example sentence: Will his words come to be treasured and quoted through the years ? 

Frequency of Synset('do.v.04'): 55  (proceed or get along)
	 1.Example sentence: It is significant , too , that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . 
	 2.Example sentence: The consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College outnumber the boys and do somewhat better academically . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nor can anyone be certain that Prokofieff would have done better , or even as well , under different circumstances . 
	 4.Example sentence: His fellow countryman , Igor Stravinsky , certainly did not . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('function.n.03.part')
Frequency of Synset('part.n.01'): 135  (something determined in relation to something that includes it)
	 1.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: A man has 32 souls , one for each part of the body . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board . 

Frequency of Synset('region.n.01'): 72  (the extended spatial location of something)
	 1.Example sentence: It is a lonely , rather desolate region , but full of legendary and historic associations . 
	 2.Example sentence: He was born in the small Danish town of Rudkoebing on the island of Langeland in the south central part of Denmark on August 14 , 1777 . 
	 3.Example sentence: To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to Muong Sing , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: In general , religious interest seems to exist in all parts of the metropolis ; congregational membership , however , is another thing . 

Frequency of Synset('function.n.03'): 57  (the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group)
	 1.Example sentence: He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; he might be Mrs. Meeker 's murderer or have played some part in her death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . 
	 3.Example sentence: This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches . 
	 4.Example sentence: An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('head.n.01.head')
Frequency of Synset('head.n.01'): 140  (the upper part of the human body or the front part of the body in animals; contains the face and brains)
	 1.Example sentence: This was Madden 's suggestion ; the police chief shook his head over it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thayer shook his head . 
	 3.Example sentence: Instead of quelling the dissension , as many captains of the era would have done ( Sir Francis Drake lopped a man 's head off under similar circumstances ) , Hudson decided to be reasonable . 
	 4.Example sentence: Sometimes soldiers wrote letters while bullets were whizzing about their heads . 

Frequency of Synset('mind.n.01'): 97  (that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I looked unceasingly With my cold mind and with my burning heart '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host 's fertile but disorganized mind . 
	 4.Example sentence: They give strict interpretation to William James ' statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('more.a.02.more')
Frequency of Synset('more.a.01'): 131  ((comparative of `much' used with mass nouns) a quantifier meaning greater in size or amount or extent or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 
	 2.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 
	 3.Example sentence: Law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms . 
	 4.Example sentence: All his people ask for is no more war . 

Frequency of Synset('more.a.02'): 65  ((comparative of `many' used with count nouns) quantifier meaning greater in number)
	 1.Example sentence: No one the Medfield police had questioned professed to know any more about him than about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 3.Example sentence: But that did not prevent him from writing more long letters , or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable , lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` We won n't live long enough if I wait for you , besides which you do n't need to worry - there 'll be plenty more '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('ask.v.02.ask')
Frequency of Synset('ask.v.01'): 243  (inquire about)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund . 
	 2.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ask Mr. Keo '' . 

Frequency of Synset('ask.v.02'): 162  (make a request or demand for something to somebody)
	 1.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 2.Example sentence: He asked to see a copy of Mrs. Meeker 's will . 
	 3.Example sentence: All his people ask for is no more war . 
	 4.Example sentence: Joyce went on , `` When we 'd finished , Lou - Mr. Thor - asked me to stay a little longer . 

Frequency of Synset('necessitate.v.01'): 320  (require as useful, just, or proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('office.n.01.office')
Frequency of Synset('office.n.01'): 62  (place of business where professional or clerical duties are performed)
	 1.Example sentence: Promptly at one-thirty he entered Hohlbein and Garth 's elegant suite of offices in Medfield 's newest professional building . 
	 2.Example sentence: He occupied a two bedroom apartment on the fourth floor , using the second bedroom as his office . 
	 3.Example sentence: He took Madden into the room he used as an office . 
	 4.Example sentence: The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office . 

Frequency of Synset('function.n.03'): 57  (the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group)
	 1.Example sentence: He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; he might be Mrs. Meeker 's murderer or have played some part in her death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . 
	 3.Example sentence: This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches . 
	 4.Example sentence: An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('child.n.02.child')
Frequency of Synset('child.n.01'): 199  (a young person of either sex)
	 1.Example sentence: A dominant motive is the poet 's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 3.Example sentence: If a child had a single drop of Negro blood , he would revert to the ancestral line which , except as slaves under a superior race , had not made one step of progress in 3000 years . 
	 4.Example sentence: Children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one . 

Frequency of Synset('child.n.02'): 60  (a human offspring (son or daughter) of any age)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: But fathers often addressed communications to their small children ; and these , full of homely advice , are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters . 
	 3.Example sentence: They look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or eleven thousand villages , with an average of 200 souls . 
	 4.Example sentence: It takes place in the household , a rite of well wishing for myriad occasions - for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the New Year , for any good purpose . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('male_child.n.01.boy')
Frequency of Synset('male_child.n.01'): 135  (a youthful male person)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: As a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary , absorbed in his fondness for nature and his visions of Sweden 's ancient glory . 
	 3.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 4.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 

Frequency of Synset('son.n.01'): 61  (a male human offspring)
	 1.Example sentence: Of only one could he be sure - young John Hudson , his second son . 
	 2.Example sentence: He was a Londoner , married , with three sons . 
	 3.Example sentence: Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters ' sons to retain in camp Negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes . 
	 4.Example sentence: The son and heir of a prominent family marries a girl who has tell-tale shadows on the half-moons of her finger nails . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('female_child.n.01.girl')
Frequency of Synset('girl.n.01'): 80  (a young woman)
	 1.Example sentence: A Yankee sergeant gave the following description of his sweetheart : `` My girl is none of your one-horse girls . 
	 2.Example sentence: Shy , slender-waisted girls at the loom in harmony with the frangipani by the wayside . 
	 3.Example sentence: I said , `` Do we know each other , Miss '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Man , you rang - it was in color , too , Miss , and & & & Miss ? 

Frequency of Synset('female_child.n.01'): 56  (a youthful female person)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: You 've already sent your daughter to Miss X 's select academy for girls and your son to Mr. Y 's select academy for boys , and you can be as liberal as you please with strict impunity . 
	 3.Example sentence: In general , however , it may be said that when a boy or a girl leaves the high school , the school authorities play little or no part in the decision of what happens next . 
	 4.Example sentence: High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('continue.v.01.go_on')
Frequency of Synset('continue.v.01'): 180  (continue a certain state, condition, or activity)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 2.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 3.Example sentence: He went on to personal bequests , a list of names largely unknown to him . 
	 4.Example sentence: The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . 

Frequency of Synset('happen.v.01'): 227  (come to pass)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson 's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('mention.v.01.refer')
Frequency of Synset('mention.v.01'): 97  (make reference to)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the pool 's far end was the little cabana Joyce had mentioned , and on the water 's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp looking lather . 
	 4.Example sentence: These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas . 

Frequency of Synset('refer.v.02'): 95  (be relevant to)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , she had a number of them where money was concerned '' , Garth said . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer , for instance , we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('ever.r.01.ever')
Frequency of Synset('ever.r.01'): 95  (at any time)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: No discrepancies or shortages had ever been found . 
	 3.Example sentence: These questions have remained one of the great sea mysteries of all time . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 

Frequency of Synset('always.r.01'): 174  (at all times; all the time and on every occasion)
	 1.Example sentence: She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . 
	 4.Example sentence: Chapter 8 , is entitled `` On Magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('bring.v.04.bring')
Frequency of Synset('bring.v.01'): 152  (take something or somebody with oneself somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: He spoke of the season of dryness and dust , brought by the monsoon from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the monsoon from the southwest . 
	 2.Example sentence: He spoke of the season of dryness and dust , brought by the monsoon from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the monsoon from the southwest . 
	 3.Example sentence: That , however , may also bring the police , if the thinking does not meet with social approval . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 

Frequency of Synset('bring.v.02'): 52  (cause to come into a particular state or condition)
	 1.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is done for simplicity of commands and to bring the hidden redundancy up to where misunderstanding has almost zero possibility . 
	 3.Example sentence: He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done . 
	 4.Example sentence: A contrast of the scripture reading of , let us say , St. Augustine , John Bunyan , and Thomas Jefferson , all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment , can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression . 

Frequency of Synset('bring.v.04'): 64  (go or come after and bring or take back)
	 1.Example sentence: If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth brought one out . 
	 3.Example sentence: She went downstairs and received another curious shock , for when Glendora flapped into the dining room in her homemade moccasins , Sarah asked her when she had brought coffee to her room and Glendora said she had n't . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Well , then who brought it '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('lend.v.01'): 56  (bestow a quality on)
	 1.Example sentence: As a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion . 
	 2.Example sentence: This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design . 
	 3.Example sentence: They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('grow.v.02.grow')
Frequency of Synset('turn.v.07'): 53  (pass into a condition gradually, take on a specific property or attribute; become)
	 1.Example sentence: He straightened up , ready to vent his exasperation , then grew afraid . 
	 2.Example sentence: Was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Did men become perfectionists as they grew older , polishing , polishing , reluctant to let go ? 
	 4.Example sentence: When Beckett 's name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett `` hates life '' . 

Frequency of Synset('originate.v.01'): 65  (come into existence; take on form or shape)
	 1.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 2.Example sentence: Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . 
	 3.Example sentence: States were free to enact , within broad though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('draw.v.18.draw')
Frequency of Synset('pull.v.01'): 54  (cause to move by pulling)
	 1.Example sentence: Hotel attendants pulled parked bicycles into the lobby . 
	 2.Example sentence: She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out . 
	 3.Example sentence: He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn . 
	 4.Example sentence: He opened the door and went in , pulling it shut behind him . 

Frequency of Synset('describe.v.01'): 87  (give a description of)
	 1.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 
	 2.Example sentence: This comes out in `` When the Bells Ring '' , which describes the rallying of the peasants in southern Sweden to repel an invasion by the Danes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great , we will merely discuss it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Another girl from a relatively large midwestern city described herself as `` the only Orthodox girl in town '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('note.v.01.mention')
Frequency of Synset('mention.v.01'): 97  (make reference to)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the pool 's far end was the little cabana Joyce had mentioned , and on the water 's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp looking lather . 
	 4.Example sentence: These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas . 

Frequency of Synset('note.v.01'): 103  (make mention of)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Fairly recent '' , he remarked . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('look.v.02.seem')
Frequency of Synset('look.v.02'): 736  (give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . 
	 4.Example sentence: This was the bitter end , and Hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure . 

Frequency of Synset('appear.v.04'): 82  (seem to be true, probable, or apparent)
	 1.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . 
	 3.Example sentence: It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , in addition , required kosher food . 
	 4.Example sentence: It seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them , could place them , it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('add.v.04.add')
Frequency of Synset('add.v.01'): 115  (make an addition (to); join or combine or unite with others; increase the quality, quantity, size or scope of)
	 1.Example sentence: Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker 's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . 
	 2.Example sentence: Other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg , the wigmaker , and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading , German , and Danish in the informal curriculum . 
	 3.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 
	 4.Example sentence: Just count each blot a dodge and add in a few for I do n't dodge every time '' . 

Frequency of Synset('add.v.02'): 64  (state or say further)
	 1.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 2.Example sentence: Others added that Juet had wanted to turn the ship homeward . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pamela North said , `` Hi '' , to her cats , and added that proper cats met their humans at the door . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You seem to have read so much , you have a natural gift for words '' , he added , trying to flatter her vanity . 

Frequency of Synset('lend.v.01'): 56  (bestow a quality on)
	 1.Example sentence: As a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion . 
	 2.Example sentence: This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design . 
	 3.Example sentence: They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('event.n.02.event')
Frequency of Synset('event.n.01'): 60  (something that happens at a given place and time)
	 1.Example sentence: Not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage . 
	 2.Example sentence: They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . 
	 3.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 

Frequency of Synset('consequence.n.01'): 199  (a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon)
	 1.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 
	 2.Example sentence: Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . 
	 3.Example sentence: One result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('still.r.01.still')
Frequency of Synset('still.r.01'): 214  (with reference to action or condition; without change, interruption, or cessation)
	 1.Example sentence: Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; to Brian Thayer , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker 's employ at the time of the latter 's death . 
	 2.Example sentence: It 's still unbelievable that it was murder . 
	 3.Example sentence: Each is still glorified as a national hero . 
	 4.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 

Frequency of Synset('however.r.01'): 205  (despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession))
	 1.Example sentence: Even so , Madden 's dislike of the suave , correct lawyer deepened . 
	 2.Example sentence: Nevertheless , he made a mental note to look into Garth 's financial background . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , the sovereign was not Hobbes ' absolute monarch but rather the parliamentary sovereign of Austin . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , he continued experimenting and lecturing , publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('think.v.03.think')
Frequency of Synset('think.v.01'): 279  (judge or regard; look upon; judge)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` They thout I was a saint . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A. M. A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you did n't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you did n't bathe . 

Frequency of Synset('think.v.02'): 228  (expect, believe, or suppose)
	 1.Example sentence: Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 

Frequency of Synset('think.v.03'): 105  (use or exercise the mind or one's power of reason in order to make inferences, decisions, or arrive at a solution or judgments)
	 1.Example sentence: Too bad , Madden thought . 
	 2.Example sentence: Assuredly in our political campaigns there is freedom to think , to examine any and all issues , and to speak without restraint . 
	 3.Example sentence: Also , he thought , I doubt if she could hit the side of a barn with a shotgun . 
	 4.Example sentence: They want to be fat cats , Pam thought , and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together . 

Frequency of Synset('remember.v.01'): 144  (recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection)
	 1.Example sentence: It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I could n't remember where we had met . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` No , I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here , and when it happened all I could think of was - '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The keys were still in it , and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabana where I 'd changed '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 

Frequency of Synset('intend.v.01'): 57  (have in mind as a purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I do n't mean to pry , but do they hide the swimsuit with the bubbles ? 
	 3.Example sentence: I showed her the shower and tub , and she said , smiling , `` If you really do n't mind , I think I 'll get clean in the shower , then soak for a few minutes in your tub . 
	 4.Example sentence: I intend to include under the term all the practical courses open to boys and girls . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('find.v.05.feel')
Frequency of Synset('feel.v.01'): 150  (undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind)
	 1.Example sentence: No doubt Mrs. Meeker had snubbed him many a time and he felt no grief over her passing . 
	 2.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 4.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.05'): 185  (come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds)
	 1.Example sentence: Some companies find a little imagination helpful . 
	 2.Example sentence: Arthur Williams 's might well have been included , he felt . 
	 3.Example sentence: By that , one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces . 
	 4.Example sentence: Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . 

Frequency of Synset('feel.v.03'): 81  (perceive by a physical sensation, e.g., coming from the skin or muscles)
	 1.Example sentence: For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . 
	 2.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 3.Example sentence: A shot or two went wild before Cobb felt something tug at his foot . 
	 4.Example sentence: A second twitched his shirtsleeve , and he felt a brief burn on his upper arm . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('detail.n.01.point')
Frequency of Synset('point.n.01'): 51  (a geometric element that has position but no extension)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors , h and e have six , and p has only one , while the remaining points have intermediate numbers . 
	 2.Example sentence: It will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors , h and e have six , and p has only one , while the remaining points have intermediate numbers . 
	 3.Example sentence: In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . 
	 4.Example sentence: A point like p gets information directly from n , but all information beyond n is indirectly relayed through n . 

Frequency of Synset('degree.n.02'): 65  (a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process)
	 1.Example sentence: While there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process . 
	 2.Example sentence: The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 * * f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the | l point . 
	 3.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 
	 4.Example sentence: conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('tell.v.07.tell')
Frequency of Synset('state.v.01'): 1947  (express in words)
	 1.Example sentence: `` That damn door '' , said the police chief . 
	 2.Example sentence: He scooped up the receiver and said , `` Police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` Oh yes , Mr. Benson . 
	 3.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 4.Example sentence: At last he said , `` Well , thank you for calling , Mr. Benson . 

Frequency of Synset('tell.v.02'): 172  (let something be known)
	 1.Example sentence: He said that he had already told the police chief that he did n't know what insurance man had recommended Johnston to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 2.Example sentence: We were told that to the Pathet Lao , a kidnaped American was worth at least $ 750 , a fortune in Laos . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I really do have something important to tell you , Mr. Scott . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Tell me about the murder '' . 

Frequency of Synset('tell.v.03'): 77  (narrate or give a detailed account of)
	 1.Example sentence: The young poet painter reproduces the French life of the streets ; he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights , and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus . 
	 2.Example sentence: I could tell you of plenty narrow escapes , but we take no notice of them now '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all . 
	 4.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 

Frequency of Synset('order.v.01'): 83  (give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority)
	 1.Example sentence: Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so . 
	 3.Example sentence: Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so . 
	 4.Example sentence: Who told you to do it ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('talk.v.01.talk')
Frequency of Synset('talk.v.01'): 152  (exchange thoughts; talk with)
	 1.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 2.Example sentence: He thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the eve of his return to their native Naxos he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection . 
	 4.Example sentence: They talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body . 

Frequency of Synset('talk.v.02'): 87  (express in speech)
	 1.Example sentence: Up spoke carpenter Staffe , who said he would n't give ten pounds to be home . 
	 2.Example sentence: The young man spoke steadily enough , but all at once he looked grotesquely unshaven . 
	 3.Example sentence: Neither spoke till they reached their horses . 
	 4.Example sentence: Harris J. Griston , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('lead.v.01.lead')
Frequency of Synset('lead.v.01'): 121  (take somebody somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable by-product of murder , led to Garth 's door . 
	 3.Example sentence: He took Madden into the room he used as an office . 
	 4.Example sentence: I guided her to the divan , turned off the TV , faced her . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.07'): 88  (have as a result or residue)
	 1.Example sentence: The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industrialization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . 
	 2.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 3.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 4.Example sentence: We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner 's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it . 

Frequency of Synset('run.v.03'): 67  (stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point)
	 1.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 2.Example sentence: There 's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive . 
	 3.Example sentence: The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
	 4.Example sentence: A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('populate.v.01.live')
Frequency of Synset('populate.v.01'): 138  (inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of)
	 1.Example sentence: He lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old , a reclaimed island of landscaped brick and glass on the fringe of the business district . 
	 2.Example sentence: To starboard was a cape a thousand feet high , patched with ice and snow , populated by thousands of screaming sea birds . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` There is a spark dwells deep within my soul . 
	 4.Example sentence: This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . 

Frequency of Synset('live.v.02'): 51  (lead a certain kind of life; live in a certain style)
	 1.Example sentence: I lived in this onward driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` What matters here is family loyalty ; faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the phis , the spirits ; and to live in harmony with nature '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction . 
	 4.Example sentence: The most important aims of the Jewish students were as follows : to make the world a better place to live in - 30 per cent ; to get happiness for yourself - 28 per cent ; and financial independence - 21 per cent . 

Frequency of Synset('survive.v.01'): 60  (continue to live through hardship or adversity)
	 1.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Where there was no road , they lived without one . 
	 3.Example sentence: A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that is , when it can preserve economic integration . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('get_down.v.07.start')
Frequency of Synset('get_down.v.07'): 436  (take the first step or steps in carrying out an action)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth 's glance began to flicker to his watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 4.Example sentence: The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman . 

Frequency of Synset('begin.v.03'): 76  (set in motion, cause to start)
	 1.Example sentence: The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university . 
	 2.Example sentence: To secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 
	 4.Example sentence: And they sat down and began their little coffee party . 

Frequency of Synset('begin.v.02'): 71  (have a beginning, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense)
	 1.Example sentence: The finished - and drastically cut - product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool 's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; even to clean men and boys . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Begin to look like him now , would you say ? 
	 3.Example sentence: When Siamese cats are intertwined it is difficult to tell where one leaves off and another begins . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I do n't know , Mr. Brenner '' , he said haltingly , beginning to get an inkling of Brenner 's plans . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('happen.v.02.happen')
Frequency of Synset('happen.v.01'): 227  (come to pass)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Hudson 's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.01'): 165  (come upon, as if by accident; meet with)
	 1.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 2.Example sentence: But since 1927 , researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information . 
	 3.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('information.n.01.information')
Frequency of Synset('information.n.01'): 99  (a message received and understood)
	 1.Example sentence: But since 1927 , researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information . 
	 2.Example sentence: Great stress is placed on the role that the monitoring of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the network . 
	 3.Example sentence: By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . 
	 4.Example sentence: However , for convenience we will stick to the idea that information can be classified according to Table 1 . 

Frequency of Synset('data.n.01'): 76  (a collection of facts from which conclusions may be drawn)
	 1.Example sentence: In the field of the natural sciences , scientifically verified data are quite readily available and any discussion can be shortened with good results . 
	 2.Example sentence: The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density . 
	 3.Example sentence: Two data centers have been established for the collection , indexing , critical evaluation , and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections . 
	 4.Example sentence: Under the sponsorship of the Office of Naval Research and the Advanced Research Projects Agency , a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition probabilities . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('think.v.01.believe')
Frequency of Synset('believe.v.01'): 109  (accept as true; take to be true)
	 1.Example sentence: It is believed that Hudson was related to other seafaring men of the Muscovy Company and was trained on company ships . 
	 2.Example sentence: I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship . 
	 4.Example sentence: They seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new . 

Frequency of Synset('think.v.01'): 279  (judge or regard; look upon; judge)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` They thout I was a saint . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A. M. A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you did n't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you did n't bathe . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('determine.v.01.determine')
Frequency of Synset('determine.v.01'): 167  (establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 3.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 

Frequency of Synset('decide.v.01'): 130  (reach, make, or come to a decision about something)
	 1.Example sentence: It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable by-product of murder , led to Garth 's door . 
	 2.Example sentence: Instead of quelling the dissension , as many captains of the era would have done ( Sir Francis Drake lopped a man 's head off under similar circumstances ) , Hudson decided to be reasonable . 
	 3.Example sentence: Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . 
	 4.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('turn.v.01.turn')
Frequency of Synset('turn.v.01'): 134  (change orientation or direction, also in the abstract sense)
	 1.Example sentence: This time he turned westward , to the middle Atlantic coast of North America . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1602 , George Waymouth , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . 
	 3.Example sentence: For the first three weeks , the ship skirted up the east coast of Great Britain , then turned westward . 
	 4.Example sentence: As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the great strait . 

Frequency of Synset('become.v.02'): 215  (undergo a change or development)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The important result , however , was that Juet and Francis Clemens , the deposed boatswain , became Hudson 's sworn enemies . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the century from 1815 to 1914 the law of nations became international law . 
	 4.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 

Frequency of Synset('turn.v.07'): 53  (pass into a condition gradually, take on a specific property or attribute; become)
	 1.Example sentence: He straightened up , ready to vent his exasperation , then grew afraid . 
	 2.Example sentence: Was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Did men become perfectionists as they grew older , polishing , polishing , reluctant to let go ? 
	 4.Example sentence: When Beckett 's name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett `` hates life '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('produce.v.04.produce')
Frequency of Synset('produce.v.01'): 67  (bring forth or yield)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , 1745 corresponded to the invention of the `` Leiden '' jar by Kleist , 1764 that of the electrophorus by Wilcke , 1782 produced the condenser of Volta , and 1801 the voltaic pile . 
	 2.Example sentence: That doctrine has been accepted by many , but has it produced good results ? 
	 3.Example sentence: We must not forget , to be sure , that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results . 
	 4.Example sentence: But it is a clumsy and wasteful process : it can produce negative results but not much that is positive . 

Frequency of Synset('produce.v.02'): 86  (create or manufacture a man-made product)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('obtain.v.01.obtain')
Frequency of Synset('obtain.v.01'): 115  (come into possession of)
	 1.Example sentence: He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . 
	 3.Example sentence: Using Edgerton 's method , the fast closing action is obtained from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires . 
	 4.Example sentence: The opening action is obtained when a capacitor , charged to high voltage , is suddenly discharged through the foil . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.02'): 119  (receive a specified treatment (abstract))
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Humor found many modes of expression . 
	 3.Example sentence: A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('purpose.n.01.purpose')
Frequency of Synset('purpose.n.01'): 94  (an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions)
	 1.Example sentence: The purpose of this fourth voyage was clear . 
	 2.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: His purpose , however , was not to establish an empire , but to assert the principle of divine justice . 
	 4.Example sentence: His plan and intent were clearly charted . 

Frequency of Synset('function.n.02'): 70  (what something is used for)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration . 
	 3.Example sentence: On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('prove.v.02.establish')
Frequency of Synset('establish.v.01'): 69  (set up or found)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 3.Example sentence: We would establish no censorship . 
	 4.Example sentence: Two data centers have been established for the collection , indexing , critical evaluation , and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections . 

Frequency of Synset('prove.v.02'): 146  (establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment)
	 1.Example sentence: A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . 
	 2.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature , as proven by Bruckmann and Coulomb . 
	 4.Example sentence: The PM might show he drowned instead , but that 's what the once-over-lightly gives us . 

Frequency of Synset('establish.v.08'): 76  (use as a basis for; found on)
	 1.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 
	 2.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 3.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('note.v.03.note')
Frequency of Synset('note.v.01'): 103  (make mention of)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Fairly recent '' , he remarked . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . 

Frequency of Synset('notice.v.02'): 54  (notice or perceive)
	 1.Example sentence: Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way ? 
	 3.Example sentence: None noted at the Dumont . 
	 4.Example sentence: Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you did n't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they 'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('name.v.01.name')
Frequency of Synset('name.v.01'): 121  (assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to)
	 1.Example sentence: He named this opening , between Baffin Island and Labrador , the `` Furious Overfall '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: ( Later , it was to be called Hudson Strait . ) 
	 3.Example sentence: Poor winds and fog locked her up in a harbor the crew called `` Lousie Bay '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hudson named the capes Digges and Wolstenholme , for two of his backers . 

Frequency of Synset('mention.v.01'): 97  (make reference to)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the pool 's far end was the little cabana Joyce had mentioned , and on the water 's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp looking lather . 
	 4.Example sentence: These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('first.a.01.first')
Frequency of Synset('first.a.01'): 214  (preceding all others in time or space or degree)
	 1.Example sentence: Hudson 's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames . 
	 2.Example sentence: For the first three weeks , the ship skirted up the east coast of Great Britain , then turned westward . 
	 3.Example sentence: First was the period of codification of existing law : the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that , in fact , resulted from Austin 's restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England . 
	 4.Example sentence: The first result of Heidenstam 's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage and Wander Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . 

Frequency of Synset('first.s.02'): 61  (indicating the beginning unit in a series)
	 1.Example sentence: The first half of The Charles Men , ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709 , is more dramatically coherent than the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: On April 1 , 1953 , after some six months of full-time `` pioneering '' , petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching , but failed to so notify his local board . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the first shot Russ had hurled his mount to the left toward the side of the winding draw . 
	 4.Example sentence: In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('win.v.01.win')
Frequency of Synset('win.v.01'): 69  (be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious)
	 1.Example sentence: The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1952 , it will be remembered , the G. O. P. without positive program campaigned on the popular disillusionment with liberal leadership and won overwhelmingly . 
	 3.Example sentence: I tell you when it 's necessary to hurt in order to win - you won n't do it . 
	 4.Example sentence: In the cow camps , Tom Horn was regarded as a hero , as the same kind of champion he was when he entered and invariably won the local rodeos . 

Frequency of Synset('acquire.v.05'): 55  (win something through one's efforts)
	 1.Example sentence: `` We were brought up that way '' was one statement which won general assent . 
	 2.Example sentence: In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams . 
	 3.Example sentence: One is that they were established , or gained eminence , under pressure provided by these same immigrants , from whom the old families wished to segregate their children . 
	 4.Example sentence: We unanimously agreed that Prokofieff had won his rights as a world citizen to the first ranks of Twentieth Century Composers . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('foot.n.02.foot')
Frequency of Synset('foot.n.01'): 62  (the part of the leg of a human being below the ankle joint)
	 1.Example sentence: I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . 
	 2.Example sentence: A shot or two went wild before Cobb felt something tug at his foot . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is dull business , detecting , and hard on feet . 
	 4.Example sentence: At the King Arthur one guest had had his head heavily bandaged , and another had a bandaged foot and had walked with crutches . 

Frequency of Synset('foot.n.02'): 75  (a linear unit of length equal to 12 inches or a third of a yard)
	 1.Example sentence: Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet . 
	 2.Example sentence: To starboard was a cape a thousand feet high , patched with ice and snow , populated by thousands of screaming sea birds . 
	 3.Example sentence: To port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a precipice of 2000 feet . 
	 4.Example sentence: To port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a precipice of 2000 feet . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('complete.v.01.finish')
Frequency of Synset('complete.v.01'): 93  (come or bring to a finish or an end)
	 1.Example sentence: When Hudson had finished , the `` town meeting '' broke down into a general , wordy argument . 
	 2.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 
	 3.Example sentence: He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . 
	 4.Example sentence: Joyce went on , `` When we 'd finished , Lou - Mr. Thor - asked me to stay a little longer . 

Frequency of Synset('end.v.01'): 65  (have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical)
	 1.Example sentence: The first half of The Charles Men , ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709 , is more dramatically coherent than the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in My own Mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('talk.v.02.speak')
Frequency of Synset('talk.v.02'): 87  (express in speech)
	 1.Example sentence: Up spoke carpenter Staffe , who said he would n't give ten pounds to be home . 
	 2.Example sentence: The young man spoke steadily enough , but all at once he looked grotesquely unshaven . 
	 3.Example sentence: Neither spoke till they reached their horses . 
	 4.Example sentence: Harris J. Griston , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' . 

Frequency of Synset('talk.v.01'): 152  (exchange thoughts; talk with)
	 1.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 2.Example sentence: He thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the eve of his return to their native Naxos he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection . 
	 4.Example sentence: They talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('appear.v.02.appear')
Frequency of Synset('look.v.02'): 736  (give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . 
	 4.Example sentence: This was the bitter end , and Hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure . 

Frequency of Synset('appear.v.02'): 91  (come into sight or view)
	 1.Example sentence: North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week . 
	 2.Example sentence: As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared . 
	 3.Example sentence: Without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling , which he then stained and waxed according to his taste . 
	 4.Example sentence: When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart . 

Frequency of Synset('appear.v.04'): 82  (seem to be true, probable, or apparent)
	 1.Example sentence: The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . 
	 3.Example sentence: It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , in addition , required kosher food . 
	 4.Example sentence: It seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them , could place them , it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('testify.v.02.prove')
Frequency of Synset('prove.v.01'): 58  (be shown or be found to be)
	 1.Example sentence: The resulting magnetic effect proved stronger than when the discharge was made lengthwise . 
	 2.Example sentence: Alas , so it almost proved for us , too . 
	 3.Example sentence: Which probably would turn out to be true ; which he obviously had to be given the opportunity to say . 
	 4.Example sentence: The result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as typographic ' esthetics ' , which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from European languages . 

Frequency of Synset('prove.v.02'): 146  (establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment)
	 1.Example sentence: A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . 
	 2.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature , as proven by Bruckmann and Coulomb . 
	 4.Example sentence: The PM might show he drowned instead , but that 's what the once-over-lightly gives us . 

Frequency of Synset('testify.v.02'): 65  (provide evidence for)
	 1.Example sentence: Juet demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial . 
	 2.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 3.Example sentence: Reading the Old Testament would have shown the dramatist that the ideas attributed to Shylock were abhorrent to the Jews . 
	 4.Example sentence: Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('hold.v.03.hold')
Frequency of Synset('keep.v.01'): 297  (keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,)
	 1.Example sentence: Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . 
	 2.Example sentence: Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . 
	 4.Example sentence: Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.02'): 61  (have or hold in one's hands or grip)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A man was holding onto Lou , holding him up . 
	 2.Example sentence: Curt was holding Jess 's gun in his left hand . 
	 3.Example sentence: Lolotte held a patch of leather , Rev steadied something , a tiny brad , waiting for George 's poised hammer . 
	 4.Example sentence: He held the controls where they had been . 

Frequency of Synset('hold.v.03'): 119  (organize or be responsible for)
	 1.Example sentence: The trial was held September 10 . 
	 2.Example sentence: We have 2500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . 
	 4.Example sentence: The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West . 

Frequency of Synset('have.v.01'): 1192  (have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 3.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 4.Example sentence: If you have an annual or regular physical examination program , is it worth what it is costing you ? 

Frequency of Synset('agree.v.01'): 67  (be in accord; be in agreement)
	 1.Example sentence: Arthur Williams had to be located , they agreed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Keo agreed . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I could n't agree with you more '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The appeal board , however , unanimously concurred in the Department 's recommendation . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('postdate.v.01.follow')
Frequency of Synset('follow.v.01'): 65  (to travel behind, go after, come after)
	 1.Example sentence: Forced behind him momentarily , Russ followed at once and halted two steps inside . 
	 2.Example sentence: Less assured than the tall , wide shouldered man in the lead , Cobb followed alertly , a hand on his gun butt . 
	 3.Example sentence: Pat let him go , following more leisurely . 
	 4.Example sentence: When it was followed by a second , whining even closer , Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression . 

Frequency of Synset('watch.v.02'): 56  (follow with the eyes or the mind)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . 
	 3.Example sentence: Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope waning by the moment . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You do n't have to watch what you say . 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.08'): 82  (work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function)
	 1.Example sentence: Practically all the people of Laos , he explained - about two million of them - are rice farmers , and the means and motives of modern war are as strange to them as clocks and steel plows . 
	 2.Example sentence: Mr. Keo , once a diplomat in Paris and Washington , was Commissioner of Rural Affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: You might say we are in the nation building business '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('here.r.02.here')
Frequency of Synset('here.r.01'): 158  (in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is)
	 1.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . 
	 3.Example sentence: The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' . 

Frequency of Synset('here.r.02'): 87  (in this circumstance or respect or on this point or detail)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Excellent in their way , they lack the wide appeal of The Charles Men , and need not detain us here . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` What matters here is family loyalty ; faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the phis , the spirits ; and to live in harmony with nature '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Even if we were not bound by Nugent , petitioner here would not be entitled to the report . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('earth.n.01.world')
Frequency of Synset('universe.n.01'): 54  (everything that exists anywhere)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` We 've got Father and Mother and each other , '' said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott 's Little Women ; and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; and the Szold family , as it developed , bore a striking resemblance to the Marches . 

Frequency of Synset('world.n.03'): 51  (all of your experiences that determine how things appear to you)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 2.Example sentence: Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . 
	 3.Example sentence: For one thing , the world that Beckett sees is already shattered . 
	 4.Example sentence: Didi and Gogo hover on the edge of suicide ; Hamm 's world is death and Clov may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside . 

Frequency of Synset('earth.n.01'): 69  (the 3rd planet from the sun; the planet we live on)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus the Congress marks a formal recognition of the political system that was central to world politics for a century . 
	 3.Example sentence: But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 

Frequency of Synset('populace.n.01'): 51  (people in general considered as a whole)
	 1.Example sentence: The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' ( as James 's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries ) `` however bad I may be , you 're not quite the people to say it '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $ 75000000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States . 
	 4.Example sentence: in his motherland ; in the spacious hunting grounds of `` Uncle Sam '' ; in the exciting salons of his lovely , brilliant Paris - mistress of gaiety - excess and abandon - world theatre of new found freedoms in tone , color , dance , design , and thought . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('state.n.04.state')
Frequency of Synset('state.n.01'): 112  (the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation)
	 1.Example sentence: New England academies welcome fugitives from the provinces , South as well as West . 
	 2.Example sentence: Is n't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England ( Massachusetts , Connecticut , and Rhode Island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past , these institutions having previously been A + M colleges ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Is n't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England ( Massachusetts , Connecticut , and Rhode Island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past , these institutions having previously been A + M colleges ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Is it not ironical that Roger Williams 's state , Rhode Island , should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university ? 

Frequency of Synset('state.n.04'): 122  (a politically organized body of people under a single government)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . 
	 3.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('action.n.02.action')
Frequency of Synset('action.n.01'): 88  (something done (usually as opposed to something said))
	 1.Example sentence: An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins ' pronouncement in Pleas of the Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage . 
	 3.Example sentence: ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) 
	 4.Example sentence: Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis . 

Frequency of Synset('action.n.02'): 52  (the state of being active)
	 1.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 2.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 
	 3.Example sentence: The form of galvanic activity is halfway between the magnetic form and the electrical form . 
	 4.Example sentence: The proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy ( 17.3 per cent of new members ) and friendly contacts by members ( over two thirds if organizational activities are included ) . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('development.n.04.development')
Frequency of Synset('development.n.01'): 52  (act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining)
	 1.Example sentence: John , an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics , headed the rural development division of USOM , the United States Operations Mission administering U. S. aid . 
	 2.Example sentence: The development and testing of new apparatus to measure other properties is nearing completion . 
	 3.Example sentence: If , as I suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems . 
	 4.Example sentence: In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto . 

Frequency of Synset('growth.n.01'): 52  ((biology) the process of an individual organism growing organically; a purely biological unfolding of events involved in an organism changing gradually from a simple to a more complex level)
	 1.Example sentence: Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth , determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth . 
	 2.Example sentence: Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth , determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth . 
	 3.Example sentence: Individual differences in maturation and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their capacity for school achievement . 
	 4.Example sentence: An aid in getting cattle and sheep on full feed , in improving feed conversion and growth , in reducing bloat and founder , and in controlling scours . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('wholly.r.01.entirely')
Frequency of Synset('wholly.r.01'): 86  (to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used informally for `wholly'))
	 1.Example sentence: Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . 
	 2.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 3.Example sentence: Codification was followed in all countries by a growing amount of legislation , some changing and adjusting the older law , much dealing with entirely new situations . 
	 4.Example sentence: The din was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around . 

Frequency of Synset('entirely.r.02'): 258  (without any others being included or involved)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . 
	 4.Example sentence: Of only one could he be sure - young John Hudson , his second son . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('associate.v.01.relate')
Frequency of Synset('associate.v.01'): 58  (make a logical or causal connection)
	 1.Example sentence: To appreciate this development , we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth century philosophy . 
	 2.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 
	 3.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 
	 4.Example sentence: While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i. e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . 

Frequency of Synset('refer.v.02'): 95  (be relevant to)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , she had a number of them where money was concerned '' , Garth said . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer , for instance , we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('see.v.05.regard')
Frequency of Synset('see.v.05'): 191  (deem to be)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A gift horse to be viewed with suspicion '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 4.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 

Frequency of Synset('involve.v.01'): 71  (connect closely and often incriminatingly)
	 1.Example sentence: A recent study indicated that 85 per cent of the nation 's largest corporations conducted educational programs involving some class meetings and examinations . 
	 2.Example sentence: The actual mean of 1.07 being about halfway between 0 of complete correlation and 2.0 of no correlation , it is evident that there is a pretty fair degree of similarity in the behavior even of particular individual items of meaning as regards long-term stem displacement . 
	 3.Example sentence: This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is believed that drug therapy and electroshock involve the former and psychotherapy the latter mechanism . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('thing.n.02.thing')
Frequency of Synset('thing.n.01'): 55  (a special situation)
	 1.Example sentence: He did not , however , settle back into acquiescence with things as they were . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Our people have been used to accepting things as they found them '' , he said . 
	 3.Example sentence: When asked how this was different from being a good Protestant , the boy answered , `` It 's the same thing '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college oriented . 

Frequency of Synset('matter.n.01'): 68  (a vaguely specified concern)
	 1.Example sentence: Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Even two or three years ago I doubt that she 'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
	 4.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('consider.v.03.deal')
Frequency of Synset('cover.v.05'): 63  (act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression)
	 1.Example sentence: The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . 
	 2.Example sentence: For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the steprelationship . 
	 3.Example sentence: One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : 
	 4.Example sentence: Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems . 

Frequency of Synset('consider.v.03'): 73  (take into consideration for exemplifying purposes)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in plant feeding operation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . 

Frequency of Synset('manage.v.02'): 51  (be in charge of, act on, or dispose of)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: Present at the scene - in addition to the dead man , who was indeed Louis Thor - had been Thor 's partner Bill Blake , and Antony Rose , an advertising agency executive who handled the ZING account . 
	 4.Example sentence: If , as I suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('increase.v.02.increase')
Frequency of Synset('increase.v.01'): 83  (become bigger or greater in amount)
	 1.Example sentence: The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 * * f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the | l point . 
	 2.Example sentence: The entry limiting price will also be raised for potential domestic competition , but unless general inflation permits profit margins to increase proportionately throughout the economy , we might expect the public limit price to approach the entry limit price . 
	 3.Example sentence: Retired pay costs are increased by $ 94 million in 1961 over 1960 , partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour , up 11 % in two years , and of each steaming hour , up 15 % . 

Frequency of Synset('increase.v.02'): 61  (make bigger or more)
	 1.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 
	 2.Example sentence: In the following year , 1803 , Oersted , simultaneously with Davy , discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still a quarter-mile away , the fresh clap of guns only served to increase his speed . 
	 4.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('assume.v.03.acquire')
Frequency of Synset('get.v.01'): 254  (come into the possession of something concrete or abstract)
	 1.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: They get all the glory and most of the pay and do n't earn ten cents apiece on the average , the drunken rascals '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: and getting them seemed a life 's work . 
	 4.Example sentence: What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor 's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes - and handbag containing her identification . 

Frequency of Synset('assume.v.03'): 52  (take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 
	 2.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 

Frequency of Synset('acquire.v.05'): 55  (win something through one's efforts)
	 1.Example sentence: `` We were brought up that way '' was one statement which won general assent . 
	 2.Example sentence: In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams . 
	 3.Example sentence: One is that they were established , or gained eminence , under pressure provided by these same immigrants , from whom the old families wished to segregate their children . 
	 4.Example sentence: We unanimously agreed that Prokofieff had won his rights as a world citizen to the first ranks of Twentieth Century Composers . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.01'): 89  (gain knowledge or skills)
	 1.Example sentence: From the town surveyor , Hans learned drawing and mathematics and , from a university student , some academic subjects . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; they read every book that they could borrow in the village . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now they learn that men can change their surroundings , through their traditional village elders , without violence . 
	 4.Example sentence: He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('family.n.02.family')
Frequency of Synset('family.n.01'): 66  (a social unit living together)
	 1.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 
	 2.Example sentence: His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school . 
	 3.Example sentence: It takes place in the household , a rite of well wishing for myriad occasions - for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the New Year , for any good purpose . 
	 4.Example sentence: The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation . 

Frequency of Synset('family.n.02'): 52  (primary social group; parents and children)
	 1.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 2.Example sentence: Heidenstam was born in 1859 , of a prosperous family . 
	 3.Example sentence: The family estate was situated near Vadstena on Lake Va ^ ttern in south central Sweden . 
	 4.Example sentence: By the death of his father in 1888 he had come into possession of the family estate and had re-assumed its traditions . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('receive.v.01.receive')
Frequency of Synset('receive.v.01'): 127  (get something; come into possession of)
	 1.Example sentence: Of these there are surely few that would be more rewarding discoveries than Verner von Heidenstam , the Swedish poet and novelist who received the award in 1916 and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago . 
	 2.Example sentence: In this final line , we have the key to his nature . 
	 3.Example sentence: Still another , annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive , wrote : `` Yore letter was short and sweet , jist like a roasted maget '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.02'): 119  (receive a specified treatment (abstract))
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Humor found many modes of expression . 
	 3.Example sentence: A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 

Frequency of Synset('experience.v.03'): 249  (go through (mental or physical states or experiences))
	 1.Example sentence: Even Hudson , experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was , must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames . 
	 2.Example sentence: Professor Fredrik Bo ^ o ^ k , Sweden 's foremost critic of the period , acclaims it as follows : `` In this we have the verse of a painter ; strongly colorful , plastic , racy , vivid . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 
	 4.Example sentence: Boun My - the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky - was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('like.v.02.like')
Frequency of Synset('wish.v.02'): 107  (prefer or wish to do something)
	 1.Example sentence: `` You might as well wait here while I 'm gone , so you can use my shower if you 'd like '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course , I would like to go to an out-of-town school where there are all kinds of people , but I would want lots of Jewish kids there '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk . 

Frequency of Synset('like.v.02'): 68  (find enjoyable or agreeable)
	 1.Example sentence: He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part . 
	 2.Example sentence: William R. Stillwell , an admirable Georgian whose delightful correspondence is preserved in the Georgia Department of Archives and History , liked to tease his wife in his letters . 
	 3.Example sentence: However , when there 's a job to be done , I 'm a monstrosity of grim determination , I like to think . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` I like the tradition '' , a girl said . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('being.n.01.existence')
Frequency of Synset('being.n.01'): 60  (the state or fact of existing)
	 1.Example sentence: In the care-free indolence of the East he sees the last reflection of the old happy existence , and for that reason he loves it . 
	 2.Example sentence: It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum , next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence . 
	 3.Example sentence: The monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence . 
	 4.Example sentence: A significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of Prandtl numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region . 

Frequency of Synset('universe.n.01'): 54  (everything that exists anywhere)
	 1.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you ' uns all would be a heap wus to we ' uns all '' ' . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` We 've got Father and Mother and each other , '' said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott 's Little Women ; and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; and the Szold family , as it developed , bore a striking resemblance to the Marches . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('describe.v.01.describe')
Frequency of Synset('describe.v.01'): 87  (give a description of)
	 1.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 
	 2.Example sentence: This comes out in `` When the Bells Ring '' , which describes the rallying of the peasants in southern Sweden to repel an invasion by the Danes . 
	 3.Example sentence: Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great , we will merely discuss it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Another girl from a relatively large midwestern city described herself as `` the only Orthodox girl in town '' . 

Frequency of Synset('report.v.01'): 116  (to give an account or representation of in words)
	 1.Example sentence: Another reported that his comrades were `` in fine spirits pitching around like a blind dog in a meat house '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second reported that the dilapidated houses in Virginia `` look like the latter end of original sin and hard times '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported : `` The Yankees keep Shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink , so I will close '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now Pathet Lao propagandists were reported marching him barefoot from village to village , as evidence of evil American intervention . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('discontinue.v.01.cease')
Frequency of Synset('discontinue.v.01'): 82  (put an end to a state or an activity)
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 3.Example sentence: This time she stopped the rush of words herself . 
	 4.Example sentence: Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' - He stopped and looked at Thor 's body . 

Frequency of Synset('end.v.01'): 65  (have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical)
	 1.Example sentence: The first half of The Charles Men , ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709 , is more dramatically coherent than the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in My own Mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('land.n.04.ground')
Frequency of Synset('land.n.04'): 58  (the solid part of the earth's surface)
	 1.Example sentence: North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week . 
	 2.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; it did not even provide the architect 's plan for anything new . 

Frequency of Synset('reason.n.01'): 85  (a rational motive for a belief or action)
	 1.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations . 
	 3.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 4.Example sentence: Hidden behind Hegelian abstractions were more practical reasons for a changing jurisprudence . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('approximately.r.01.about')
Frequency of Synset('approximately.r.01'): 62  ((of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct)
	 1.Example sentence: In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by Thayer , who could charge off one room on his expense account . 
	 2.Example sentence: About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . 
	 3.Example sentence: The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . 
	 4.Example sentence: The fast opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately * * f ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . 

Frequency of Synset('about.r.07'): 56  ((of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but)
	 1.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the third voyage , a near mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid Atlantic . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . 
	 4.Example sentence: During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('figure.n.08.figure')
Frequency of Synset('figure.n.01'): 65  (a diagram or picture illustrating textual material)
	 1.Example sentence: As shown in Figure 1 , there is a connection for communication between every pair of points . 
	 2.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 3.Example sentence: In Figure 2 , the points in the network are designated by a letter accompanied by a number . 
	 4.Example sentence: In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . 

Frequency of Synset('human_body.n.01'): 57  (alternative names for the body of a human being)
	 1.Example sentence: The Rebs were , to a Massachusetts corporal , `` fighting madmen or not men at all but whiskey + gunpowder put into a human frame '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would have been unwise policy , for instance , to apply the pound of flesh characterization to the thrifty Scotchman . 
	 4.Example sentence: Yes , well , it 's a pity to spoil your girlish figure - which all those kittens would do anyway - but I think when you 've raised these we 'll just have the vet fix it so there won n't be any more . 

Frequency of Synset('number.n.01'): 129  (the property possessed by a sum or total or indefinite quantity of units or individuals)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Can vacations be spaced throughout the 12 months to minimize the number of employee fill-ins ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('best.a.01.best')
Frequency of Synset('best.a.01'): 89  ((superlative of `good') having the most positive qualities)
	 1.Example sentence: From being a hated tyrant and madman he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of Sweden . 
	 2.Example sentence: When you see them again give them my love - not best respects now , but love by God '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A. M. A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you did n't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you did n't bathe . 
	 4.Example sentence: The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . 

Frequency of Synset('good.a.01'): 165  (having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified)
	 1.Example sentence: Philip Staffe , the ship 's carpenter , was a good worker , but perversely independent . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1610 , Hudson was probably in his early forties , a good navigator , a stubborn voyager , but otherwise fatally unsuited to his chosen profession . 
	 3.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 
	 4.Example sentence: Better stay in the hotel lobby , where the walls looked good and thick . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('write.v.01.write')
Frequency of Synset('write.v.01'): 115  (produce a literary work)
	 1.Example sentence: This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book , `` A Hero 's Funeral '' , written in the form of an impassioned prose poem . 
	 2.Example sentence: Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory . 
	 3.Example sentence: Admirably written , it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries . 
	 4.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 

Frequency of Synset('write.v.02'): 94  (communicate or express by writing)
	 1.Example sentence: From Go ^ ttingen ( 1801 ) where he stayed for 10 days , he wrote , `` The first question asked everywhere is about galvanism . 
	 2.Example sentence: In May , 1803 , Ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy . 
	 3.Example sentence: A third wrote that it was `` raining like poring peas on a rawhide '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One wrote : `` [ I am so hungry ] I could eat a rider off his horse + snap at the stirups '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('lay.v.02.lay')
Frequency of Synset('put.v.01'): 310  (put into a certain place or abstract location)
	 1.Example sentence: Check to see if some of your benefits - such as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . 
	 2.Example sentence: Put a dollar and cents limit on benefits . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 4.Example sentence: More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . 

Frequency of Synset('lie.v.01'): 70  (be located or situated somewhere; occupy a certain position)
	 1.Example sentence: A newspaper open at stock-market reports lay on one of them . 
	 2.Example sentence: A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . 
	 3.Example sentence: Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . 
	 4.Example sentence: And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('intend.v.02.intend')
Frequency of Synset('intend.v.01'): 57  (have in mind as a purpose)
	 1.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I do n't mean to pry , but do they hide the swimsuit with the bubbles ? 
	 3.Example sentence: I showed her the shower and tub , and she said , smiling , `` If you really do n't mind , I think I 'll get clean in the shower , then soak for a few minutes in your tub . 
	 4.Example sentence: I intend to include under the term all the practical courses open to boys and girls . 

Frequency of Synset('mean.v.01'): 95  (mean or intend to express or convey)
	 1.Example sentence: I mean , surely we 've - '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: I mean : Is advertising honest ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Did , I mean '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: I mean , we all figured - I guess anybody 'd figure - Angie '' - 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('learn.v.01.learn')
Frequency of Synset('learn.v.01'): 89  (gain knowledge or skills)
	 1.Example sentence: From the town surveyor , Hans learned drawing and mathematics and , from a university student , some academic subjects . 
	 2.Example sentence: Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; they read every book that they could borrow in the village . 
	 3.Example sentence: Now they learn that men can change their surroundings , through their traditional village elders , without violence . 
	 4.Example sentence: He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.02'): 162  (get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort . 
	 3.Example sentence: But I 'm pleased to hear - '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` How 'd you hear about this one '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('teach.v.01'): 94  (impart skills or knowledge to)
	 1.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 2.Example sentence: The mayor of the town taught them English and French . 
	 3.Example sentence: Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach . 
	 4.Example sentence: Young Morris , who , while attending the University of Pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write Henrietta twenty page letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of Sarah Bernhardt in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` Sulamith '' on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('establish.v.01.found')
Frequency of Synset('establish.v.01'): 69  (set up or found)
	 1.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 3.Example sentence: We would establish no censorship . 
	 4.Example sentence: Two data centers have been established for the collection , indexing , critical evaluation , and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections . 

Frequency of Synset('establish.v.08'): 76  (use as a basis for; found on)
	 1.Example sentence: The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . 
	 2.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 3.Example sentence: Government itself was based upon contract ; business organization - the corporation - was analyzed in contractual terms ; trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine p. m. for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.01'): 165  (come upon, as if by accident; meet with)
	 1.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 2.Example sentence: But since 1927 , researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information . 
	 3.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self . 

Frequency of Synset('detect.v.01'): 230  (discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of)
	 1.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since , though . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.03'): 80  (come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost)
	 1.Example sentence: Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
	 2.Example sentence: Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he had n't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he had n't found it . 
	 3.Example sentence: In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto . 
	 4.Example sentence: In this changed world , Prokofieff settled to find himself , and to create for large national purpose . 

Frequency of Synset('determine.v.01'): 167  (establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 3.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.05'): 185  (come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds)
	 1.Example sentence: Some companies find a little imagination helpful . 
	 2.Example sentence: Arthur Williams 's might well have been included , he felt . 
	 3.Example sentence: By that , one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces . 
	 4.Example sentence: Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . 

Frequency of Synset('witness.v.02'): 167  (perceive or be contemporaneous with)
	 1.Example sentence: He finds it in utter misery and desolation . 
	 2.Example sentence: In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session . 
	 3.Example sentence: This we might well witness '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . 

Frequency of Synset('discover.v.03'): 52  (make a discovery, make a new finding)
	 1.Example sentence: In the following year , 1803 , Oersted , simultaneously with Davy , discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts . 
	 2.Example sentence: His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . 
	 3.Example sentence: They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction . 
	 4.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 

Frequency of Synset('receive.v.02'): 119  (receive a specified treatment (abstract))
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Humor found many modes of expression . 
	 3.Example sentence: A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('learn.v.04.study')
Frequency of Synset('analyze.v.01'): 111  (consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning)
	 1.Example sentence: Evangelism and congregational outreach have not been carefully studied in the churches ; one study in Pittsburgh , however , has illuminated the situation . 
	 2.Example sentence: For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . 
	 3.Example sentence: Studying The Merchant of Venice in high school and college has given many young people their notions about Jews . 
	 4.Example sentence: Assuredly in our political campaigns there is freedom to think , to examine any and all issues , and to speak without restraint . 

Frequency of Synset('study.v.03'): 63  (give careful consideration to)
	 1.Example sentence: We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner 's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it . 
	 2.Example sentence: Not once , in the time that he had known her , had he ever considered the possibility , not once , not for one one-thousandth of a second , of her infidelity . 
	 3.Example sentence: He could not consider it now . 
	 4.Example sentence: The model of this paper considers an industry which is not characterized by vigorous price competition , but which is so basic that its wage price policies are held in check by continuous critical public scrutiny . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('study.n.02.study')
Frequency of Synset('survey.n.01'): 95  (a detailed critical inspection)
	 1.Example sentence: Evangelism and congregational outreach have not been carefully studied in the churches ; one study in Pittsburgh , however , has illuminated the situation . 
	 2.Example sentence: Rather than from a first-hand study of Jewish people , his delineation of Shylock stems from a collection of Italian stories , Il Pecorone , published in 1558 , although written almost two centuries earlier . 
	 3.Example sentence: If living Jews were unavailable for study , the Bible was at hand . 
	 4.Example sentence: The detection and study of such line spectra would add considerably to present information on interstellar gas clouds and , perhaps , planetary atmospheres . 

Frequency of Synset('report.n.01'): 56  (a written document describing the findings of some individual or group)
	 1.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 3.Example sentence: Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer 's notes and report , especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of Justice 's recommendation to the appeal board . 
	 4.Example sentence: Petitioner was not entitled , either in the administrative hearing at the Department of Justice or at his trial , to inspect the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , since he was furnished a resume of it , did not challenge its accuracy , and showed no particular need for the original report . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('academic_degree.n.01.degree')
Frequency of Synset('degree.n.01'): 92  (a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality)
	 1.Example sentence: It is true , that nothing has been found comparable with electricity by communication ; but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference . 
	 2.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 3.Example sentence: The inventory of tones is much smaller , and commonly the contrasts range along one single dimension , pitch level . 
	 4.Example sentence: The difficulty of analysis of any subsystem in the phonology is an inverse function of the size - smaller systems are more troublesome - for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity . 

Frequency of Synset('degree.n.02'): 65  (a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process)
	 1.Example sentence: While there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process . 
	 2.Example sentence: The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 * * f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the | l point . 
	 3.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 
	 4.Example sentence: conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('earth.n.01.Earth')
Frequency of Synset('earth.n.01'): 69  (the 3rd planet from the sun; the planet we live on)
	 1.Example sentence: Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . 
	 2.Example sentence: Thus the Congress marks a formal recognition of the political system that was central to world politics for a century . 
	 3.Example sentence: But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . 
	 4.Example sentence: He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . 

Frequency of Synset('land.n.04'): 58  (the solid part of the earth's surface)
	 1.Example sentence: North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week . 
	 2.Example sentence: Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . 
	 3.Example sentence: Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . 
	 4.Example sentence: It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; it did not even provide the architect 's plan for anything new . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('calculate.v.02.reckon')
Frequency of Synset('think.v.02'): 228  (expect, believe, or suppose)
	 1.Example sentence: Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 

Frequency of Synset('see.v.05'): 191  (deem to be)
	 1.Example sentence: `` A gift horse to be viewed with suspicion '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . 
	 3.Example sentence: National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . 
	 4.Example sentence: In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament - the elected representatives - at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('realize.v.03.realize')
Frequency of Synset('recognize.v.02'): 78  (be fully aware or cognizant of)
	 1.Example sentence: She realized I 'd have to notify the police , but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pam realized , to her surprise , that she had been almost dozing . 
	 3.Example sentence: The sweat broke out on Mr. Skyros ' forehead as he realized he had been actually thinking - hoping - planning - perhaps - 
	 4.Example sentence: Too late , he realized that in turning , he had wheeled them onto a patch of sandy ground , instead of atop a grade or ridge . 

Frequency of Synset('understand.v.02'): 197  (perceive (an idea or situation) mentally)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd have consulted us , you see . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar 's rags I strove to see The inner man . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('report.v.02.report')
Frequency of Synset('report.v.01'): 116  (to give an account or representation of in words)
	 1.Example sentence: Another reported that his comrades were `` in fine spirits pitching around like a blind dog in a meat house '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: A second reported that the dilapidated houses in Virginia `` look like the latter end of original sin and hard times '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported : `` The Yankees keep Shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink , so I will close '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Now Pathet Lao propagandists were reported marching him barefoot from village to village , as evidence of evil American intervention . 

Frequency of Synset('report.v.02'): 52  (announce as the result of an investigation or experience or finding)
	 1.Example sentence: In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead . 
	 2.Example sentence: Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . 
	 3.Example sentence: It reported that he now devoted only some 6 - 1 2 hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities . 
	 4.Example sentence: Success in observing these spectral lines has so far , apparently , been confined to the laboratory ; extraterrestrial observations have yet to be reported . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('discover.v.03.discover')
Frequency of Synset('detect.v.01'): 230  (discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of)
	 1.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since , though . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.02'): 162  (get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort . 
	 3.Example sentence: But I 'm pleased to hear - '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` How 'd you hear about this one '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('discover.v.03'): 52  (make a discovery, make a new finding)
	 1.Example sentence: In the following year , 1803 , Oersted , simultaneously with Davy , discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts . 
	 2.Example sentence: His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . 
	 3.Example sentence: They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction . 
	 4.Example sentence: When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('assume.v.02.assume')
Frequency of Synset('assume.v.01'): 80  (take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof)
	 1.Example sentence: We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` People automatically assume that I 'm in college '' , a nineteen year old machinist observed irritably . 
	 3.Example sentence: One can assume that some of the brightest boys are out of town . 
	 4.Example sentence: No lack of opportunity , presuming she had a gun . 

Frequency of Synset('assume.v.03'): 52  (take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect)
	 1.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 
	 2.Example sentence: The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . 
	 3.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('grade.n.02.level')
Frequency of Synset('degree.n.01'): 92  (a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality)
	 1.Example sentence: It is true , that nothing has been found comparable with electricity by communication ; but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference . 
	 2.Example sentence: Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host 's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . 
	 3.Example sentence: The inventory of tones is much smaller , and commonly the contrasts range along one single dimension , pitch level . 
	 4.Example sentence: The difficulty of analysis of any subsystem in the phonology is an inverse function of the size - smaller systems are more troublesome - for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity . 

Frequency of Synset('degree.n.02'): 65  (a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process)
	 1.Example sentence: While there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process . 
	 2.Example sentence: The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 * * f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the | l point . 
	 3.Example sentence: Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . 
	 4.Example sentence: conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('detect.v.01.observe')
Frequency of Synset('detect.v.01'): 230  (discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of)
	 1.Example sentence: You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since , though . 

Frequency of Synset('note.v.01'): 103  (make mention of)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Fairly recent '' , he remarked . 
	 2.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . 

Frequency of Synset('watch.v.02'): 56  (follow with the eyes or the mind)
	 1.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . 
	 3.Example sentence: Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope waning by the moment . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` You do n't have to watch what you say . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('induce.v.02.cause')
Frequency of Synset('cause.v.01'): 194  (give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally)
	 1.Example sentence: Law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms . 
	 2.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 
	 3.Example sentence: This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9 - 11 , 1960 ) . 
	 4.Example sentence: If Mr. Skyros had dreamed of all the trouble that young man would eventually cause - 

Frequency of Synset('induce.v.02'): 122  (cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner)
	 1.Example sentence: At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . 
	 2.Example sentence: He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . 
	 3.Example sentence: Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross writing , i. e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . 
	 4.Example sentence: As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('make.v.03.create')
Frequency of Synset('make.v.03'): 326  (make or cause to be or to become)
	 1.Example sentence: These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program . 
	 2.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Was she in the habit of making new wills '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker 's death . 

Frequency of Synset('produce.v.02'): 86  (create or manufacture a man-made product)
	 1.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 2.Example sentence: As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . 
	 4.Example sentence: It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('get_down.v.07.commence')
Frequency of Synset('get_down.v.07'): 436  (take the first step or steps in carrying out an action)
	 1.Example sentence: With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
	 2.Example sentence: Garth 's glance began to flicker to his watch . 
	 3.Example sentence: To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
	 4.Example sentence: The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman . 

Frequency of Synset('begin.v.03'): 76  (set in motion, cause to start)
	 1.Example sentence: The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university . 
	 2.Example sentence: To secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` Sure , sure , you 're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , is n't it ? 
	 4.Example sentence: And they sat down and began their little coffee party . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('perform.v.01.perform')
Frequency of Synset('perform.v.01'): 196  (carry out or perform an action)
	 1.Example sentence: Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters ' sons to retain in camp Negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` That 's the last one we did . 
	 3.Example sentence: My lovely caller - Joyce Holland was her name - had previously done three filmed commercials for ZING , and this evening , the fourth , a super production , had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor . 
	 4.Example sentence: What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor 's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes - and handbag containing her identification . 

Frequency of Synset('do.v.03'): 125  (get (something) done)
	 1.Example sentence: Together they had probably done more than any other men to help push Laos toward the 20 th century - constructively . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` I 've done several filmed commercials for - '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` It depends on who does it . 
	 4.Example sentence: Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('function.n.02.use')
Frequency of Synset('use.n.01'): 106  (the act of using)
	 1.Example sentence: It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . 
	 2.Example sentence: As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . 
	 3.Example sentence: Carbon resistors and impurity doped germanium resistors have been investigated for use as precision secondary thermometers in the liquid helium temperature region . 
	 4.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 

Frequency of Synset('function.n.02'): 70  (what something is used for)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration . 
	 3.Example sentence: On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('stead.n.01.place')
Frequency of Synset('topographic_point.n.01'): 67  (a point located with respect to surface features of some region)
	 1.Example sentence: The most important aims of the Jewish students were as follows : to make the world a better place to live in - 30 per cent ; to get happiness for yourself - 28 per cent ; and financial independence - 21 per cent . 
	 2.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 
	 3.Example sentence: Probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security . 
	 4.Example sentence: the term `` State '' includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any possession of the United States ; and the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof , or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof . 

Frequency of Synset('home.n.01'): 57  (where you live at a particular time)
	 1.Example sentence: This can be done by stories in your house organs , posters , special publications , letters to workers ' homes as well as by word of mouth through your chain of command . 
	 2.Example sentence: In one of his summers at home he married , to the great disapproval of his father , who objected because of his extreme youth . 
	 3.Example sentence: The two older boys , Hans and Anders , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German ; his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
	 4.Example sentence: In a periodic review , the local board on July 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1 , - A and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('determine.v.08.find_out')
Frequency of Synset('determine.v.01'): 167  (establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study)
	 1.Example sentence: Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain - a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . 
	 2.Example sentence: This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine : 
	 3.Example sentence: After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice filled passageway - and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . 
	 4.Example sentence: No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . 

Frequency of Synset('learn.v.02'): 162  (get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort . 
	 3.Example sentence: But I 'm pleased to hear - '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` How 'd you hear about this one '' ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('face.v.05.face')
Frequency of Synset('confront.v.02'): 66  (deal with (something unpleasant) head on)
	 1.Example sentence: One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems . 
	 2.Example sentence: How right he was ; how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism . 
	 3.Example sentence: Is his a literature of defeat , irrelevant to the social crises we face ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Given this kind of business climate , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yr. ? 

Frequency of Synset('confront.v.01'): 53  (oppose, as in hostility or a competition)
	 1.Example sentence: The Szolds , like the Marches , enjoyed and loved living together , even in troubled times ; and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . 
	 2.Example sentence: At least the moment was postponed when he had to face the mystery of the power tools . 
	 3.Example sentence: She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder . 
	 4.Example sentence: The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('remember.v.01.remember')
Frequency of Synset('remember.v.01'): 144  (recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection)
	 1.Example sentence: It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I could n't remember where we had met . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` No , I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here , and when it happened all I could think of was - '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: The keys were still in it , and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabana where I 'd changed '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 

Frequency of Synset('remember.v.02'): 52  (keep in mind for attention or consideration)
	 1.Example sentence: Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker . 
	 2.Example sentence: You see , you got to remember , we all got schedules , like any business ! 
	 3.Example sentence: Alison was still sound asleep ; he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag , and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom , which tasted peculiarly of face powder . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had never heard so many bells , and as he lay there listening , he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('discontinue.v.01.stop')
Frequency of Synset('stop.v.01'): 54  (come to a halt, stop moving)
	 1.Example sentence: Forced behind him momentarily , Russ followed at once and halted two steps inside . 
	 2.Example sentence: Halting , Pat turned to survey him deliberately . 
	 3.Example sentence: For example , suppose a man wearing a $ 200 watch , driving a 1959 Rolls Royce , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` What time is it '' ? 
	 4.Example sentence: He stopped automatically at the street corners , waiting for the traffic lights to change , unheeding of other people , his coat open and flapping . 

Frequency of Synset('discontinue.v.01'): 82  (put an end to a state or an activity)
	 1.Example sentence: The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . 
	 2.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 3.Example sentence: This time she stopped the rush of words herself . 
	 4.Example sentence: Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' - He stopped and looked at Thor 's body . 

Frequency of Synset('end.v.01'): 65  (have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical)
	 1.Example sentence: The first half of The Charles Men , ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709 , is more dramatically coherent than the second . 
	 2.Example sentence: Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in My own Mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation . 
	 4.Example sentence: All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('character.n.04.role')
Frequency of Synset('function.n.03'): 57  (the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group)
	 1.Example sentence: He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; he might be Mrs. Meeker 's murderer or have played some part in her death . 
	 2.Example sentence: Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . 
	 3.Example sentence: This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches . 
	 4.Example sentence: An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity . 

Frequency of Synset('function.n.02'): 70  (what something is used for)
	 1.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 
	 2.Example sentence: The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration . 
	 3.Example sentence: On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . 
	 4.Example sentence: Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('suppose.v.01.suppose')
Frequency of Synset('suppose.v.01'): 60  (express a supposition)
	 1.Example sentence: Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe - say a liberal retirement plan - and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . 
	 2.Example sentence: Most of them this past year , I 'd say . 
	 3.Example sentence: Time to go , I supposed . 
	 4.Example sentence: For example , suppose a man wearing a $ 200 watch , driving a 1959 Rolls Royce , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` What time is it '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('think.v.02'): 228  (expect, believe, or suppose)
	 1.Example sentence: Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('church.n.01.church')
Frequency of Synset('church.n.01'): 60  (one of the groups of Christians who have their own beliefs and forms of worship)
	 1.Example sentence: In a periodic review , the local board on July 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1 , - A and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home . 
	 2.Example sentence: It reported that he now devoted only some 6 - 1 2 hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities . 
	 3.Example sentence: The breakdown of social homogeneity in inner city areas and the spread of inner city blight account for the decline of central city churches . 
	 4.Example sentence: The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration . 

Frequency of Synset('church.n.02'): 58  (a place for public (especially Christian) worship)
	 1.Example sentence: The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . 
	 2.Example sentence: To be Katharine Ross , and work in a nicer shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes , and learn ladies ' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with foreign sounding names , the ones went to the same church and - Different place , different job , different people , she 'd be all different too . 
	 3.Example sentence: `` There 's a church you should see '' , she said . 
	 4.Example sentence: He let her tell him all about the church . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('react.v.01.respond')
Frequency of Synset('react.v.01'): 55  (show a response or a reaction to something)
	 1.Example sentence: There was no telling how she 'd react to spending money '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: On the surface , this seems a sound approach to Christian mission : members of the congregation show by their friendly attitudes that they care for new people ; the new people respond in kind by joining the church . 
	 3.Example sentence: Many Americans reacted irrationally to the challenge of Russia and turned to the repression of ideas by force . 
	 4.Example sentence: Is it not characteristic of the greatest art that it confronts us with something we cannot clarify , demanding that the viewer respond to it in his own never predictable way ? 

Frequency of Synset('answer.v.01'): 68  (react verbally)
	 1.Example sentence: Not so , he answers , it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal . 
	 2.Example sentence: But this is fully answered by United States v. Nugent , supra . 
	 3.Example sentence: He did not reply , going on toward the back . 
	 4.Example sentence: Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('involve.v.02.involve')
Frequency of Synset('involve.v.01'): 71  (connect closely and often incriminatingly)
	 1.Example sentence: A recent study indicated that 85 per cent of the nation 's largest corporations conducted educational programs involving some class meetings and examinations . 
	 2.Example sentence: The actual mean of 1.07 being about halfway between 0 of complete correlation and 2.0 of no correlation , it is evident that there is a pretty fair degree of similarity in the behavior even of particular individual items of meaning as regards long-term stem displacement . 
	 3.Example sentence: This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is believed that drug therapy and electroshock involve the former and psychotherapy the latter mechanism . 

Frequency of Synset('necessitate.v.01'): 320  (require as useful, just, or proper)
	 1.Example sentence: Which is more economical for your plant - a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? 
	 2.Example sentence: The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
	 3.Example sentence: On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience . 
	 4.Example sentence: The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('let.v.01.allow')
Frequency of Synset('let.v.01'): 309  (make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen)
	 1.Example sentence: Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? 
	 2.Example sentence: If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . 

Frequency of Synset('permit.v.01'): 103  (consent to, give permission)
	 1.Example sentence: He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . 
	 2.Example sentence: He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer 's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim - all in violation of the Fifth Amendment . 
	 3.Example sentence: All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . 
	 4.Example sentence: No questions , statements , or explanations are permitted - only commands . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('function.v.01.function')
Frequency of Synset('function.v.01'): 69  (perform as expected when applied)
	 1.Example sentence: It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 . 
	 2.Example sentence: Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . 
	 3.Example sentence: Where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention . 
	 4.Example sentence: They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . 

Frequency of Synset('serve.v.01'): 55  (serve a purpose, role, or function)
	 1.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit - when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands - two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: If the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this question , it has served as an exclamation . 
	 4.Example sentence: Perhaps the Jewish students at Brooklyn College - constituting 85 per cent of those who attend the day session - can serve as a paradigm of the urban , lower middle class Jewish student . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('desire.v.01.desire')
Frequency of Synset('desire.v.01'): 394  (feel or have a desire for; want strongly)
	 1.Example sentence: Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin 's funeral . 
	 2.Example sentence: She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; particularly the scholarship fund . 
	 3.Example sentence: At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: First , they wanted to clarify a tantalizing , bizarre enigma . 

Frequency of Synset('hope.v.01'): 64  (expect and wish)
	 1.Example sentence: A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: She realized I 'd have to notify the police , but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name . 
	 3.Example sentence: He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . 
	 4.Example sentence: The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('worry.v.02.care')
Frequency of Synset('care.v.01'): 62  (feel concern or interest)
	 1.Example sentence: Who cares about them ! 
	 2.Example sentence: He simply walked , not noticing where he was , not caring . 
	 3.Example sentence: In the end , he gets his man , but no one seems to care ; virtue is its own and only reward . 
	 4.Example sentence: The latter are either too stupid to catch the killer or too corrupt to care . 

Frequency of Synset('wish.v.02'): 107  (prefer or wish to do something)
	 1.Example sentence: `` You might as well wait here while I 'm gone , so you can use my shower if you 'd like '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door . 
	 3.Example sentence: Of course , I would like to go to an out-of-town school where there are all kinds of people , but I would want lots of Jewish kids there '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk . 

Frequency of Synset('manage.v.02'): 51  (be in charge of, act on, or dispose of)
	 1.Example sentence: Although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: Present at the scene - in addition to the dead man , who was indeed Louis Thor - had been Thor 's partner Bill Blake , and Antony Rose , an advertising agency executive who handled the ZING account . 
	 4.Example sentence: If , as I suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('find.v.01.encounter')
Frequency of Synset('meet.v.01'): 83  (come together)
	 1.Example sentence: The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` We '' were Bill Garrett of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; Boun My , our interpreter ; and myself . 
	 3.Example sentence: It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I could n't remember where we had met . 
	 4.Example sentence: He had put on the gray jacket and the dark gray slacks and the fawn colored shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street . 

Frequency of Synset('find.v.01'): 165  (come upon, as if by accident; meet with)
	 1.Example sentence: For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain 's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man 's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . 
	 2.Example sentence: But since 1927 , researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information . 
	 3.Example sentence: What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . 
	 4.Example sentence: From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('child.n.01.kid')
Frequency of Synset('child.n.01'): 199  (a young person of either sex)
	 1.Example sentence: A dominant motive is the poet 's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . 
	 3.Example sentence: If a child had a single drop of Negro blood , he would revert to the ancestral line which , except as slaves under a superior race , had not made one step of progress in 3000 years . 
	 4.Example sentence: Children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one . 

Frequency of Synset('child.n.02'): 60  (a human offspring (son or daughter) of any age)
	 1.Example sentence: Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; that she was active in the Woman 's Club and he in Lions , Rotary , and Jaycee ; and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
	 2.Example sentence: But fathers often addressed communications to their small children ; and these , full of homely advice , are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters . 
	 3.Example sentence: They look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or eleven thousand villages , with an average of 200 souls . 
	 4.Example sentence: It takes place in the household , a rite of well wishing for myriad occasions - for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the New Year , for any good purpose . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('prevent.v.02.prevent')
Frequency of Synset('prevent.v.01'): 69  (keep from happening or arising; make impossible)
	 1.Example sentence: To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority , Calhoun developed his theory of `` concurrent majority '' , which , he said , `` by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government , a negative on the others , prevents all partial or local legislation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: There was a light in Black 's front room , but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior . 
	 3.Example sentence: To forestall any change of allegiance , the Democrats hastily organised a testimonial banquet for O ' Banion , as public reward for his past services and as a reminder of where his loyalties lay . 
	 4.Example sentence: Upon which the detective bureau despatched rifle squads to prevent trouble if O ' Banion should send his gunmen out to deal with the hijacking policemen . 

Frequency of Synset('prevent.v.02'): 58  (stop (someone or something) from doing something or being in a certain state)
	 1.Example sentence: I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . 
	 2.Example sentence: Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit . 
	 3.Example sentence: But that did not prevent him from writing more long letters , or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable , lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street . 
	 4.Example sentence: Gun set the captain 's fifth of Hiram Walker inside the safe before he reported to Lt. Killpath , though he knew that Killpath 's ulcer prevented him from making any untoward incursion on Herman Wolff 's gift . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('confront.v.01.confront')
Frequency of Synset('confront.v.01'): 53  (oppose, as in hostility or a competition)
	 1.Example sentence: The Szolds , like the Marches , enjoyed and loved living together , even in troubled times ; and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . 
	 2.Example sentence: At least the moment was postponed when he had to face the mystery of the power tools . 
	 3.Example sentence: She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder . 
	 4.Example sentence: The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate . 

Frequency of Synset('confront.v.02'): 66  (deal with (something unpleasant) head on)
	 1.Example sentence: One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems . 
	 2.Example sentence: How right he was ; how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism . 
	 3.Example sentence: Is his a literature of defeat , irrelevant to the social crises we face ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Given this kind of business climate , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yr. ? 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('bigger.s.01.bigger')
Frequency of Synset('bigger.s.01'): 57  (large or big relative to something else)
	 1.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Joan Sheldon had earned the larger bequest . 
	 3.Example sentence: They spread over an area no larger than Oregon ; yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonians . 
	 4.Example sentence: While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous . 

Frequency of Synset('large.a.01'): 228  (above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: It contained a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather armchairs . 
	 3.Example sentence: He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded . 
	 4.Example sentence: As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the great strait . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('go.v.03.go_away')
Frequency of Synset('go.v.03'): 52  (move away from a place into another direction)
	 1.Example sentence: Time to go , I supposed . 
	 2.Example sentence: Pat let him go , following more leisurely . 
	 3.Example sentence: You go ' n ' have a look round for it '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: She 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday , could n't go to church - there 'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn - and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she 'd need to take , all but the dress she 'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 

Frequency of Synset('leave.v.01'): 141  (go away from a place)
	 1.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 2.Example sentence: The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking . 
	 3.Example sentence: Oersted joined Ritter at Jena and stayed with him for 3 weeks , continuing their correspondence after he left . 
	 4.Example sentence: A restaurant posted a reminder to patrons `` who became excited and left without paying their checks '' . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('imagine.v.01.imagine')
Frequency of Synset('imagine.v.01'): 51  (form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case)
	 1.Example sentence: For all her domineering ways , I can n't conceive of her having had a deadly enemy '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: `` Somehow I imagine that as you grew up you were alone a lot . 
	 3.Example sentence: Mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual re-living of experience , in which the imagining person recovers through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` Ca n't you possibly imagine what life is going to be like , here '' ? 

Frequency of Synset('think.v.02'): 228  (expect, believe, or suppose)
	 1.Example sentence: Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant . 
	 2.Example sentence: It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . 
	 3.Example sentence: I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had run away and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . 
	 4.Example sentence: An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('component.n.01.component')
Frequency of Synset('component.n.01'): 63  (an abstract part of something)
	 1.Example sentence: Younger men usually do n't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they 're liable to change jobs several times before settling down . 
	 2.Example sentence: The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself . 
	 3.Example sentence: In a mobile society , congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment ; this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation - like elements will have to be assimilated . 
	 4.Example sentence: This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . 

Frequency of Synset('part.n.01'): 135  (something determined in relation to something that includes it)
	 1.Example sentence: In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . 
	 2.Example sentence: There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . 
	 3.Example sentence: A man has 32 souls , one for each part of the body . 
	 4.Example sentence: It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('prove.v.02.demonstrate')
Frequency of Synset('show.v.01'): 203  (give an exhibition of to an interested audience)
	 1.Example sentence: M + R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook - each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . 
	 2.Example sentence: She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . 
	 3.Example sentence: She held out her hand to show that she had money . 
	 4.Example sentence: As we stepped out into the sunlight , a man came up to John Cool and silently showed him his hand . 

Frequency of Synset('prove.v.02'): 146  (establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment)
	 1.Example sentence: A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . 
	 2.Example sentence: One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . 
	 3.Example sentence: It is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature , as proven by Bruckmann and Coulomb . 
	 4.Example sentence: The PM might show he drowned instead , but that 's what the once-over-lightly gives us . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('approximately.r.01.more_or_less')
Frequency of Synset('approximately.r.01'): 62  ((of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct)
	 1.Example sentence: In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by Thayer , who could charge off one room on his expense account . 
	 2.Example sentence: About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . 
	 3.Example sentence: The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . 
	 4.Example sentence: The fast opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately * * f ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . 

Frequency of Synset('slightly.r.01'): 75  (to a small degree or extent)
	 1.Example sentence: Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine . 
	 2.Example sentence: Somewhat uneven in interest for an average reader , eight or ten of these are among the finest of their kind in literature . 
	 3.Example sentence: She smiled slightly . 
	 4.Example sentence: Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('shape.n.02.shape')
Frequency of Synset('shape.n.01'): 52  (any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline))
	 1.Example sentence: When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance . 
	 2.Example sentence: He narrowed the shape down to two : either a Zero or a U. S. Navy type aircraft . 
	 3.Example sentence: The shapes were unmistakable and the Rising Suns were showing up , slightly brighter pinpoints in the gray gloom . 
	 4.Example sentence: What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration , integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form ; color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; and that over all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . 

Frequency of Synset('human_body.n.01'): 57  (alternative names for the body of a human being)
	 1.Example sentence: The Rebs were , to a Massachusetts corporal , `` fighting madmen or not men at all but whiskey + gunpowder put into a human frame '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . 
	 3.Example sentence: It would have been unwise policy , for instance , to apply the pound of flesh characterization to the thrifty Scotchman . 
	 4.Example sentence: Yes , well , it 's a pity to spoil your girlish figure - which all those kittens would do anyway - but I think when you 've raised these we 'll just have the vet fix it so there won n't be any more . 

Frequency of Synset('form.n.03'): 67  (a perceptual structure)
	 1.Example sentence: This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book , `` A Hero 's Funeral '' , written in the form of an impassioned prose poem . 
	 2.Example sentence: More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . 
	 3.Example sentence: The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density . 
	 4.Example sentence: Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('plant.n.01.works')
Frequency of Synset('plant.n.01'): 68  (buildings for carrying on industrial labor)
	 1.Example sentence: Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in plant feeding operation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant 's financial contribution ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Could an employee 's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? 

Frequency of Synset('work.n.01'): 87  (activity directed toward making or doing something)
	 1.Example sentence: Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work ? 

Frequency of Synset('work.n.02'): 76  (a product produced or accomplished through the effort or activity or agency of a person or thing)
	 1.Example sentence: `` The man 's true reputation is his work '' . 
	 2.Example sentence: His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . 
	 3.Example sentence: Whether in prose or poetry , all of Heidenstam 's later work was concerned with Sweden . 
	 4.Example sentence: Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory . 

