Synsets with frequency > 400 
Number of lemmapos: 2

-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('be.v.01.be')
Frequency of Synset('be.v.01'): 9825  (have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun))
	 1.Example sentence: How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 
	 4.Example sentence: Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.02'): 2858  (be identical to; be someone or something)
	 1.Example sentence: What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second - and third shift operations ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . 
	 3.Example sentence: In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker 's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . 
	 4.Example sentence: `` If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.03'): 766  (occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere)
	 1.Example sentence: In what section of the country are you located ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Are you in a rural or urban area ? 
	 3.Example sentence: Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . 
	 4.Example sentence: Mr. Hohlbein was out for the day , but Mr. Garth would be free at one-thirty . 

Frequency of Synset('exist.v.01'): 788  (have an existence, be extant)
	 1.Example sentence: Are there other , cheaper communications techniques that could be substituted ? 
	 2.Example sentence: But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . 
	 3.Example sentence: There are two sides of a coin for this decision . 
	 4.Example sentence: Thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job . 

Frequency of Synset('be.v.05'): 662  (happen, occur, take place)
	 1.Example sentence: And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . 
	 2.Example sentence: Ahead were perilous , ice filled waters . 
	 3.Example sentence: On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . 
	 4.Example sentence: To starboard was a cape a thousand feet high , patched with ice and snow , populated by thousands of screaming sea birds . 


-----------------------------------------
Wordnet Lemma: Lemma('make.v.01.make')
Frequency of Synset('make.v.01'): 953  (engage in)
	 1.Example sentence: What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? 
	 2.Example sentence: Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? 
	 3.Example sentence: What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation shutdown periods ? 
	 4.Example sentence: What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? 

Frequency of Synset('make.v.02'): 423  (give certain properties to something)
	 1.Example sentence: When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents per hour cost in wages . 
	 2.Example sentence: Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . 
	 3.Example sentence: Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan . 
	 4.Example sentence: Make sure you do n't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working . 

